You cannot achieve the impossible without attempting the absurd.
Assumption is the mother of all screw-ups.
Thinking you know something is a sure way to blind yourself.
Neckties strangle clear thinking.
The first principle is that you must not fool yourself -- and you are the easiest person to fool.
The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark.
I would rather have a mind opened by wonder than one closed by belief.
What you are is what you have been. What you'll be is what you do now.
What we see is mainly what we look for.
A friend is someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you just the way you are.
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.
Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are.
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
When you doubt your power, you give power to your doubt.
We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope.
You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
Fear makes strangers of those who would be friends.
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.
The excitement of learning separates youth from old age. As long as you're learning, you're not old.
Silence is a source of great strength.
He who deliberates fully before taking a step will spend his entire life on one leg.
There is not one big cosmic meaning for all, there is only the meaning we each give to our life.
We cannot see our reflection in running water. It is only in still water that we can.
Don't walk in front of me; I may not follow. Don't walk behind me; I may not lead. Just walk beside me and be my friend.
Freedom is what you do with what's been done to you.
One who asks a question is a fool for a minute; one who does not remains a fool forever.
Problems are the price of progress.
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
If you have made mistakes, there is always another chance. You may have a fresh start any moment you choose.
You know that person you can call at 3 AM when the worst news comes?
Thank them NOW for being that person for you. Don't wait for disaster!
To the world you may be just one person, but to one person, you may be the world.
Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned.
You can only grow if you're willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new.
Nothing in the cry of cicadas suggests they are about to die.
Above all, be true to yourself, and if you cannot put your heart in it, take yourself out of it.
Strangers are friends you have yet to meet.
Confidence is preparation. Everything else is beyond your control.
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
Doing your best means never stop trying.
Integrity is telling myself the truth. And honesty is telling the truth to other people.
Good judgement comes with experience. Unfortunately, the experience usually comes from bad judgement.
Well done is better than well said.
Meet the first beginnings. Look to the budding mischief before it has time to ripen to maturity.
As human beings, our greatness lies not so much in being able to remake the world, that is the myth of the atomic age -- as in being able to remake ourselves.
Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy.
Never look down on anybody unless you're helping him up.
The poor man is not he who is without a cent, but he who is without a dream.
We are limited, not by our abilities, but by our vision.
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
Don't wait for people to be friendly. Show them how.
1. If the game is rigged so you can't win, find another game or invent your own.
2. If you're not winning because you don't know the rules, learn the rules.
3. If you know the rules but aren't willing to follow them, there's either something wrong with the game or you need to change something in yourself.
4. Don't play the game in a half-baked way. Either get all the way in or all the way out.
5. It shouldn't be necessary for others to lose in order for you to win. If others have to lose, re-evaluate the game's goals.

(Breszny, 2005, pg. 84)
We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.
When there is no enemy within, the enemies outside cannot hurt you.
If we look at the world with a love of life, the world will reveal its beauty to us.
Enthusiasm is the greatest asset in the world. It beats money, power, and influence.
The best place to find a helping hand is at the end of your own arm.
To get something you never had, you have to do something you never did.
Ideas can be life-changing. Sometimes all you need to open the door is just one more good idea.
Pleasure can be supported by an illusion; but happiness rests upon truth.
Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it.
If you don't like something change it; if you can't change it, change the way you think about it.
Because of your smile, you make life more beautiful.
Put your future in good hands -- your own.
The past has no power to stop you from being present now. Only your grievance about the past can do that.
Every day brings a choice: to practice stress or to practice peace.
Imagination is more important than knowledge. For knowledge is limited to all we now know and understand, while imagination embraces the entire world, and all there ever will be to know and understand.
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention.
When you are immune to the opinions and actions of others, you won't be the victim of needless suffering.
Tip: When deciding on defense or education spending ask yourself how many terrorist do you see in a day compared to how many fucking idiots
Until you make peace with who you are, you will never be content with what you have.
The intuitive mind is a sacred gift and the rational mind is a faithful servant. We have created a society that honors the servant and has forgotten the gift.
The power of accurate observation is commonly called cynicism by those who have not got it.
Knowledge and ego are directly related. The less knowledge, the greater the ego.
Begin, be bold, and venture to be wise.
If you are never scared, embarrassed, or hurt, it means you never take chances.
Patience is passion tamed.
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.
An honest answer is the sign of true friendship.
Aim above morality. Be not simply good, be good for something.
1. We are born and we die. No one cares, no one remembers, and it doesn't matter. This is why we laugh.
2. Our pack, our children, our territory, the hunt, the kill, the battle. Health, full stomach, sharp weapons, your packmates next to you under the stars, seeing your child kill her first prey. These are important.
3. Anything else is needless complication, no matter how much fun it is.
4. If you can't eat it, wear it, wield it, or carry it, leave it behind.
5. Plan before hunting, discuss after hunting, hunt while hunting.
6. Lead, follow, or hunt alone. Success-first meat of kill, greater trust. Failure-less trust. Disaster-survivors eat you.
7. Expect trust outside the pack to be betrayed.
8. Two are much stronger than one. Three are much stronger than two. Ten are barely stronger than nine. Fifty are much stronger than ten, but barely stronger than forty.
9. An archer, a swordsman, and a scout are stronger than three swordsmen.
10. Stay alive. Hopeless battles are hopeless. Dead is dead.
11. Stay alive. Once you decide to kill, use all your skill, strength, and deception. Nobly dead is dead.
12. Die biting the throat.
All of them, those in power, and those who want the power, would pamper us, if we agreed to overlook their crookedness by wilfully restricting our activities.
When you live on a round planet, there's no choosing sides.
What other people think of me is none of my business.
Enjoy when you can, and endure when you must.
If it's not fun, you're not doing it right.
The things you own end up owning you.
It's only after we've lost everything that we're free to do anything.
"You're not your job. You're not how much money you have in the bank.
Reject the basic assumptions of civilization, especially the importance of material possessions.
"Fuck off with your sofa units and string green stripe patterns,
The liberator who destroyed my property has realigned my perceptions.
"Do you know what a duvet is?...It's a blanket. Just a blanket.
"We're consumers. We are byproducts of a lifestyle obsession.
What do you want? Wanna go back to the shit job, fucking condo world, watching sitcoms? Fuck you, I won't do it.
We are all part of the same compost heap.
(talking about consumerism)
How embarrassing...a house full of condiments and no food.
(a synecdoche for modern consumer driven life)
Is that what a real man is supposed to look like?
(narrator, while looking at a Calvin Klein-esque ad on the bus)
Fuck what you know. You need to forget about what you know, that's your problem. Forget about what you think you know about life, about friendship, and especially about you and me.
"Hitting bottom isn't a weekend retreat. It's not a goddamn seminar.
Without pain, without sacrifice, we would have nothing.
Only after disaster can we be resurrected.
Guys, what would you wish you'd done before you died?
Tomorrow will be the most beautiful day of Raymond K. Hessel's life. His breakfast will taste better than any meal you and I have ever tasted.
(after Raymond Hessel faces death but lives)
Hey, you created me...take some responsibility!
(talking to himself about himself)
And the eighth and final rule: if this is your first time at Fight Club, you have to fight.
(talking about Fight Club)
God Damn! We just had a near-life experience, fellas.
(suggesting that most experiences are, by nature, dead)
Sticking feathers up your butt does not make you a chicken.
Time to stand up for what you believe in.
"If you are reading this then this warning is for you.
This is your life, and it's ending one minute at a time.
The natural flights of the human mind are not from pleasure to pleasure but from hope to hope.
Perfection is finally attained not when there is no longer anything to add but when there is no longer anything to take away, when a body has been stripped down to its nakedness.
To become truly great, one has to stand with people, not above them.
Have respect for yourself, and patience and compassion. With these, you can handle anything.
If you worry about what might be, and wonder what might have been, you will ignore what is.
The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the grandest intention.
Let yourself be open and life will be easier.
As for the future, your task is not to foresee it but to enable it.
One can never consent to creep when one feels an impulse to soar.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success.
Everything we know is only some kind of approximation.
Stay committed in your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach.
I don't know what's the matter with people: they don't learn by understanding, they learn by some other way -- by rote or something. Their knowledge is so fragile!
Some people say, 'How can you live without knowing?' I do not know what they mean. I always live without knowing. That is easy. How you get to know is what I want to know.
It is not hard to make decisions when you know what your values are.
Instead of complaining that the rose bush is full of thorns, be happy the thorn bush has roses.
When you're curious, you find lots of interesting things to do.
Don't think you're on the right road just because it's a well-beaten path.
Be formless, shapeless -- like water.
An expert is a person who has made all the mistakes that can be made in a very narrow field.
There is no way to happiness, happiness is the way.
Uncertainty is the only certainty there is, and knowing how to live with insecurity is the only security.
The whole life of a man is but a point in time; let us enjoy it.
What you do today is important, because you are exchanging a day of your life for it.
The possibilities are numerous once we decide to act and not react.
Turn your face toward the sun and the shadows will fall behind you.
When you believe something can be done, really believe, your mind will find ways to do it.
It's not who you are that holds you back; it's who you think you're not.
Our way to practice is one step at a time, one breath at a time.
Judgments prevent us from seeing the good that lies beyond appearances.
A wise man makes his own decisions; an ignorant man follows public opinion.
"Everyone who has ever built anywhere a "new heaven" first found the power thereto in his own hell"
Don't let today's disappointments cast a shadow on tomorrow's dreams.
Would you rather be right or free?
Faith as an imperative is a veto against science -- in praxi, it means lies at any price.
History is endured only by strong personalities -- the weak ones are extinguished by it.
Mistakes are a great educator when one is honest enough to admit them and willing to learn from them.
Does it just look nice or is it correct?
"Nine out of the ten voices in my head say I'm not schizophrenic.
Serenity comes when you trade expectations for acceptance.
Only in growth, reform, and change, paradoxically enough, is true security to be found.
The person who lives life fully, glowing with life's energy, is the person who lives a successful life.
There is only one big risk you should avoid at all costs, and that is the risk of doing nothing.
The human spirit is stronger than anything that can happen to it.
Happiness depends upon ourselves.
Commitment in the face of conflict produces character.
Fear is a natural reaction to moving closer to the truth.
Never leave that till tomorrow which you can do today.
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
When you're finished changing, you're finished.
All mankind is divided into three classes: those that are immovable, those that are movable, and those that move.
Never confuse motion with action.
Do not fear mistakes. You will know failure. Continue to reach out.
To succeed, jump as quickly at opportunities as you do at conclusions.
Be at war with your vices, at peace with your neighbors, and let every new year find you a better man.
Diligence is the mother of good luck.
There are three things extremely hard: steel, a diamond, and to know one's self.
Who had deceived thee so often as thyself?
Energy and persistence conquer all things.
Life's tragedy is that we get old too soon and wise too late.
If you don't underestimate me, I won't underestimate you.
Whatever the present moment contains, accept it as if you had chosen it. Always work with it, not against it.
Each time we face our fear, we gain strength, courage, and confidence in the doing.
What we must decide is how we are valuable rather than how valuable we are.
Being right is highly overrated. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
Make your life a mission, not an intermission.
Whatever you fight, you strengthen, and what you resist, persists.
'I have done my best.' That is about all the philosophy of living one needs.
Happiness is simple. Everything we do to find it is complicated.
In seeking happiness for others, you find it for yourself.
The journey is the reward.
May your home always be too small to hold all your friends.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
Before someone's tomorrow has been taken away, cherish those you love, appreciate them today.
Look at everything as though you were seeing it either for the first or last time
When you stop trying to change others and work on changing yourself, your world changes for the better.
You are very powerful, provided you know how powerful you are.
If you realize that you have enough, you are truly rich.
Breakdowns can create breakthroughs. Things fall apart so things can fall together.
The best things in life are unexpected, because there were no expectations.
The secret of happiness is freedom. The secret of freedom is courage.
Every day may not be good, but there's something good in every day.
Until you stop breathing, there's more right with you than wrong with you.
Tension is who you think you should be. Relaxation is who you are.
Don't use a lot where a little will do.
Go on, prove me wrong. Destroy the fabric of the universe. See if I care.
The only pressure I'm under is the pressure I've put on myself.
No matter how hard the past, you can always begin again.
We shouldn't teach great books; we should teach a love of reading.
The beautiful thing about learning is that no one can take it away from you.
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.
Those who wish to sing, always find a song.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.
The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire.
Consider the postage stamp: its usefulness consists in the ability to stick to one thing till it gets there.
Enthusiasm is the mother of effort, and without it nothing great was ever achieved.
There are no traffic jams along the extra mile.
The difference between try and triumph is a little umph.
Water continually dropping will wear hard rocks hollow.
Men exist for the sake of one another. Teach them then or bear with them.
It takes two wings to fly.
It is in the shelter of each other that the people live.
We're here for a reason. I believe a bit of the reason is to throw little torches out to lead people through the dark.
For happiness is anyone and anything at all that's loved by you.
Who, being loved, is poor?
Love makes your soul crawl out from its hiding place.
The last of the human freedoms is to choose one's attitudes.
I will offer a choice, not an echo.
Look at what you've got and make the best of it. It is better to light a candle than to curse the darkness.
Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience.
The greatest power is often simple patience.
Perhaps the most important thing we can undertake toward the reduction of fear is to make it easier for people to accept themselves, to like themselves.
Action springs not from thought, but from a readiness for responsibility.
Put your ear down close to your soul and listen hard.
Man is so made that when anything fires his soul, impossibilities vanish.
The heart may be broken, and the soul remain unshaken.
There are souls in this world which have the gift of finding joy everywhere and of leaving it behind them when they go.
Just go out there and do what you've got to do.
Nothing is at last sacred but the integrity of your own mind.
Wisdom is knowing what to do next; virtue is doing it.
In great matters men show themselves as they wish to be seen; in small matters, as they are.
No amount of ability is of the slightest avail without honor.
Better keep yourself clean and bright. You are the window through which you must see the world.
We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations.
Live with intention. Walk to the edge. Listen hard. Practice wellness. Play with abandon. Laugh. Choose with no regret. Appreciate your friends. Continue to learn. Do what you love. Live as if this is all there is.
Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others.
Nothing is so strong as gentleness. Nothing is so gentle as real strength.
The real man smiles in trouble, gathers strength from distress, and grows brave by reflection.
Once you choose hope, anything's possible.
Were it not for hope the heart would break.
Hope begins in the dark, the stubborn hope that if you just show up and try to do the right thing, the dawn will come. You wait and watch and work: you don't give up.
No winter lasts forever; no spring skips it's turn.
Open your heart -- open it wide; someone is standing outside.
Strive to be first: first to nod, first to smile, first to compliment, and first to forgive.
Work is either fun or drudgery. It depends on your attitude. I like fun.
All the so-called "secrets of success" will not work unless you do.
Occasionally in life there are those moments of unutterable fulfillment which cannot be completely explained by those symbols called words. Their meanings can only be articulated by the inaudible language of the heart.
We are all in the same boat in a stormy sea, and we owe each other a terrible loyalty.
The best things in life are never rationed. Friendship, loyalty, love, do not require coupons.
It is better to be faithful than famous.
The test of courage comes when we are in the minority. The test of tolerance comes when we are in the majority.
To sit patiently with a yearning that has not yet been fulfilled, and to trust that, that fulfillment will come, is quite possibly one of the most powerful "magic skills" that human beings are capable of. It has been noted by almost every ancient wisdom tradition.
Life has meaning only if one barters it day by day for something other than itself.
No one is more cherished in this world than someone who lightens the burden of another.
I can live for two months on a good compliment.
No one's head aches when he is comforting another.
The value of compassion cannot be over-emphasized. Anyone can criticize. It takes a true believer to be compassionate. No greater burden can be borne by an individual than to know no one cares or understands.
Compassion is sometimes the fatal capacity for feeling what it is like to live inside somebody else's skin. It is the knowledge that there can never really be any peace and joy for me until there is peace and joy finally for you too.
Consult not your fears but your hopes and your dreams. Think not about your frustrations, but about your unfulfilled potential. Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in, but with what it is still possible for you to do.
Life is full of beauty. Notice it. Notice the bumble bee, the small child, and the smiling faces. Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams.
Appreciation...acknowledges the presence of good wherever you shine the light of your thankful thoughts.
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
The most basic of all human needs is the need to understand and be understood. The best way to understand people is to listen to them.
Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.
Dreams come in a size too big so that we may grow into them.
And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom.
If one dream should fall and break into a thousand pieces, never be afraid to pick one of those pieces up and begin again.
Gracefulness has been defined to be the outward expression of the inward harmony of the soul.
Within sorrow is grace. When we come close to those things that break us down, we touch those things that also break us open. And in that breaking open, we uncover our true nature.
When you have a sense of your own identity and a vision of where you want to go in your life, you then have the basis for reaching out to the world and going after your dreams for a better life.
What ever beauty may be, it has for its basis order, and for its essence unity.
A mind is a fire to be kindled, not a vessel to be filled.
To be good is noble, but to teach others how to be good is nobler--and less trouble.
Take control of your destiny. Believe in yourself. Ignore those who try to discourage you. Avoid negative sources, people, places, things and habits. Don't give up and don't give in.
When spider webs unite they can tie up a lion.
Therefore hold to the things which are reliable. Look to simplicity; embrace purity; Lessen the self; diminish desire.
My belief is that personal freedom cannot grow beyond personal responsibility. The more people that learn to be fully accountable for their lives, the more freedom each of us can enjoy and the more fulfilling all of our lives will be.
The need for devotion to something outside ourselves is even more profound than the need for companionship. If we are not to go to pieces or wither away, we must have some purpose in life; for no man can live for himself alone.
Above all be of single aim; have a legitimate and useful purpose, and devote yourself unreservedly to it.
Whatever I have tried to do in life, I have tried with all my heart to do it well; whatever I have devoted myself to, I have devoted myself completely; in great aims and in small I have always thoroughly been in earnest.
We learn more by looking for the answer to a question and not finding it than we do from learning the answer itself.
Tell me and I'll forget; show me and I may remember; involve me and I'll understand.
I am a part of all that I have met.
Only a life lived for others is worth living.
Only he can understand what a farm is, what a country is, who shall have sacrificed part of himself to his farm or country, fought to save it, struggled to make it beautiful. Only then will the love of farm or country fill his heart.
The wise man belongs to all countries, for the home of a great soul is the whole world.
Diversity is the one true thing we all have in common. Celebrate it every day.
As man draws nearer to the stars, why should he not also draw nearer to his neighbor?
Infinitely more important than sharing one's material wealth is sharing the wealth of ourselves, our time and energy, our passion and commitment, and, above all, our love.
By sharing something, I realized that I'm not alone, that there are a lot of people that share with me the same preoccupations, the same ideas, the same ideals, and the same quest for a meaning for this life.
It's not enough to have lived. We should be determined to live for something. May I suggest that it be creating joy for others, sharing what we have for the betterment of personkind, bringing hope to the lost and love to the lonely.
There is something more -- the spirit, or the soul. I think that that quality encourages our courtesy and care and our minds. And mercy, and identity.
I place a high moral value on the way people behave. I find it repellent to have a lot, and to behave with anything other than courtesy in the old sense of the word -- politeness of the heart, a gentleness of the spirit.
Character is the total of thousands of small daily strivings to live up to the best that is in us.
With courage you will dare to take risks, have the strength to be compassionate, and the wisdom to be humble. Courage is the foundation of integrity.
Courage is almost a contradiction in terms: it means a strong desire to live taking the form of readiness to die.
Keep your dreams alive. Understand to achieve anything requires faith and belief in yourself, vision, hard work, determination, and dedication. Remember all things are possible for those who believe.
Life means to have something definite to do, a mission to fulfilled and in the measure in which we avoid setting our life to something, we make it empty. Human life, by its very nature, has to be dedicated to something.
Dedicate some of your life to others. Your dedication will not be a sacrifice. It will be an exhilarating experience because it is an intense effort applied toward a meaningful end.
Love yourself, accept yourself, forgive yourself, and be good to yourself, because without you the rest of us are without a source of many wonderful things.
To love means loving the unlovable. To forgive means pardoning the unpardonable. Faith means believing the unbelievable. Hope means hoping when everything seems hopeless.
When work, commitment, and pleasure all become one and you reach that deep well where passion lives, nothing is impossible.
When you get in a tight place and everything goes against you, till it seems as though you could not hold on a minute longer, never give up then, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.
It was character that got us out of bed, commitment that moved us into action, and discipline that enabled us to follow through.
Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul. Dream deep, for every dream precedes the goal.
The road of life twists and turns and no two directions are ever the same. Yet our lessons come from the journey, not the destination.
You are here for a purpose. There is no duplicate of you in the whole wide world. There never has been, there never will be. You were brought here now to fill a certain need. Take time to think that over.
Humility leads to strength and not to weakness. It is the highest form of self-respect to admit mistakes and to make amends for them.
Sense shines with a double luster when it is set in humility. An able and yet humble man is a jewel worth a kingdom.
Dream your dream. Follow your heart. Imagine. Listen to the wind. Drink sunsets. Be free. Let the wonder never cease. Believe. Wish on EVERY star. Create adventure. Be Kind.
The best thing to give to your enemy is forgiveness; to an opponent, tolerance; to a friend, your heart; to your child, a good example; to a father, deference; to your mother, conduct that will make her proud of you; to yourself, respect; to all men, charity.
Respect is love in plain clothes.
Respect your fellow human being, treat them fairly, disagree with them honestly, enjoy their friendship, explore your thoughts about one another candidly, work together for a common goal and help one another achieve it.
When your values are clear to you, making decisions becomes easier.
The way a team plays as a whole determines its success. You may have the greatest bunch of individual stars in the world, but if they don't play together, the club won't be worth a dime.
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.
The keys to patience are acceptance and faith. Accept things as they are, and look realistically at the world around you. Have faith in yourself and in the direction you have chosen.
People are like stained-glass windows. They sparkle and shine when the sun is out, but when the darkness sets in their true beauty is revealed only if there is light from within.
Confidence, like art, never comes from having all the answers; it comes from being open to all the questions.
Confidence...thrives on honesty, on honor, on the sacredness of obligations, on faithful protection and on unselfish performance. Without them it cannot live.
Laugh at yourself, but don't ever aim your doubt at yourself. Be bold. When you embark for strange places, don't leave any of yourself safely on shore. Have the nerve to go into unexplored territory.
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love.
Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anybody else expects of you, never excuse yourself.
If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams.
You can turn painful situations around through laughter. If you can find humor in anything, even poverty, you can survive it.
A kind heart is a fountain of gladness, making everything in its vicinity freshen into smiles.
Our character...is an omen of our destiny, and the more integrity we have and keep, the simpler and nobler that destiny is likely to be.
Have the courage to say no. Have the courage to face the truth. Do the right thing because it is right. These are the magic keys to living your life with integrity.
Integrity is not a conditional word. It doesn't blow in the wind or change with the weather. It is your inner image of yourself, and if you look in there and see a man who won't cheat, then you know he never will.
Parents, teach your children to express themselves. Teach them to be in touch with their emotions, to speak honestly to people, and to maintain integrity and stick by their principles in all they do. This is perhaps the highest morality you can instill.
Don't wait for extraordinary opportunities. Seize common occasions and make them great. Weak men wait for opportunities; strong men make them.
There will always be a frontier where there is an open mind and a willing hand.
A great attitude does much more than turn on the lights in our worlds; it seems to magically connect us to all sorts of serendipitous opportunities that were somehow absent before the change.
Start where you are. Distant fields always look greener, but opportunity lies right where you are. Take advantage of every opportunity of service.
Challenges are what make life interesting; overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.
The most authentic thing about us is our capacity to create, to overcome, to endure, to transform, to love and to be greater than our suffering.
The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph. What we obtain too cheap, we esteem too lightly; it is dearness only that gives everything its value. I love the man that can smile in trouble, that can gather strength from distress and grow brave by reflection.
Be willing to have it so. Acceptance of what has happened is the first step to overcoming the consequences of any misfortune.
If we study the lives of great men and women carefully and unemotionally we find that, invariably, greatness was developed, tested and revealed through the darker periods of their lives. One of the largest tributaries of the River of Greatness is always the Stream of Adversity.
It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you. Always.
I do believe that when we face challenges in life that are far beyond our own power, it's an opportunity to build on our faith, inner strength, and courage. I've learned that how we face challenges plays a big role in the outcome of them.
Greatness lies, not in being strong, but in the right using of strength; and strength is not used rightly when it serves only to carry a man above his fellows for his own solitary glory. He is the greatest whose strength carries up the most hearts by the attraction of his own.
Hope is the dream of a soul awake.
When the world says, 'Give up,' hope whispers, 'Try it one more time.'
Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; but remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for.
We are all functioning at a small fraction of our capacity to live life fully in its total meaning of loving, caring, creating, and adventuring. Consequently, the actualizing of our potential can become the most exciting adventure of our lifetime.
Extend to each person, no matter how trivial the contact, all the care and kindness and understanding and love that you can muster, and do it with no thought of any reward. Your life will never be the same again.
Do not wait; the time will never be 'just right'. Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along.
Put your heart, mind, intellect and soul even to your smallest acts. This is the secret of success.
Some people grumble because roses have thorns; I am thankful that the thorns have roses.
Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all the others.
Gratitude bestows reverence, allowing us to encounter everyday epiphanies, those transcendent moments of awe that change forever how we experience life and the world.
Each friend represents a world in us, a world possibly not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born.
You have been my friend. That in itself is a tremendous thing... By helping you, perhaps I was trying to lift up my life a trifle. Heaven knows anyone's life can stand a little of that.
I believe that friends are quiet angels who sit on our shoulders and lift our wings when we forget how to fly.
Friendship doubles our joy and divides our grief.
The most important key to achieving great success is to decide upon your goal and launch, get started, take action, move.
Ambition is the path to success. Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in.
A man without ambition is dead. A man with ambition but no love is dead. A man with ambition and love for his blessings here on earth is ever so alive.
We must have a theme, a goal, a purpose in our lives. If you don't know where you're aiming, you don't have a goal. My goal is to live my life in such a way that when I die, someone can say, she cared.
To do something, however small, to make others happier and better, is the highest ambition, the most elevating hope, which can inspire a human being.
No more duty can be urged upon those who are entering the great theater of life than simple loyalty to their best convictions.
Goals. There's not telling what you can do when you get inspired by them. There's no telling what you can do when you believe in them. There's no telling what will happen when you act upon them.
If I have been of service, if I have glimpsed more of the nature and essence of ultimate good, if I am inspired to reach wider horizons of thought and action, if I am at peace with myself, it has been a successful day.
A smile is the beginning of peace.
This is the way of peace: Overcome evil with good, falsehood with truth, and hatred with love.
We shall find peace. We shall hear angels. We shall see the sky sparkling with diamonds.
Peace is not something you wish for; It's something you make, Something you do, Something you are, And something you give away.
Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life. Make the most of yourself by fanning the tiny, inner sparks of possibility into flames of achievement.
Follow your heart, but be quiet for a while first. Ask questions, then feel the answer. Learn to trust your heart.
Remember, there are no mistakes, only lessons. Love yourself, trust your choices, and everything is possible.
Trust in what you love, continue to do it, and it will take you where you need to go.
Dare to be true: nothing can need a lie: A fault, which needs it most, grows two thereby.
A person is not given integrity. It results from the relentless pursuit of honesty at all times.
Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom.
Don't worry so much about your self- esteem. Worry more about your character. Integrity is its own reward.
Compassion is the desire that moves the individual self to widen the scope of its self-concern to embrace the whole of the universal self.
Giving connects two people, the giver and the receiver, and this connection gives birth to a new sense of belonging.
Compassion is the ultimate and most meaningful embodiment of emotional maturity. It is through compassion that a person achieves the highest peak and deepest reach in his or her search for self-fulfillment.
If you realized how powerful your thoughts are, you would never think a negative thought.
A word of encouragement during a failure is worth more than an hour of praise after success.
One of the sanest, surest, and most generous joys of life comes from being happy over the good fortune of others.
Make it a habit to tell people thank you. To express your appreciation, sincerely and without the expectation of anything in return. Truly appreciate those around you, and you'll soon find many others around you. Truly appreciate life, and you'll find that you have more of it.
Let me not hurt, by any selfish deed, Or thoughtless word, the heart of foe or friend; Nor would I pass, unseeing, worthy need, Or sin by silence when I should defend... 'The world is better that I lived to-day.'
We must not, in trying to think about how we can make a big difference, ignore the small daily differences we can make which, over time, add up to big differences that we often cannot foresee.
Your vocation in life is where your greatest joy meets the world's greatest need.
Each day when I awake I know I have one more day to make a difference in someone's life.
Listening is such a simple act. It requires us to be present, and that takes practice, but we don't have to do anything else. We don't have to advise, or coach, or sound wise. We just have to be willing to sit there and listen.
Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk.
Listening is an attitude of the heart, a genuine desire to be with another which both attracts and heals.
The greatest compliment that was ever paid me was when one asked me what I thought, and attended to my answer.
I remind myself every morning: Nothing I say this day will teach me anything. So if I'm going to learn, I must do it by listening.
Set out each day believing in your dreams. Know without a doubt that you were made for amazing things.
The work goes on, the cause endures, the hope still lives and the dreams shall never die.
One isn't necessarily born with courage, but one is born with potential. Without courage, we cannot practice any other virtue with consistency. We can't be kind, true, merciful, generous, or honest.
There is a wonderful mythical law of nature that the three things we crave most in life-happiness, freedom, and peace of mind-are always attained by giving them to someone else.
Champions aren't made in gyms. Champions are made from something they have deep inside them -- a desire, a dream, a vision. They have to have the skill, and the will. But the will must be stronger than the skill.
There is no teaching to compare with example.
There's only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
Love is an expression and assertion of self-esteem, a response to one's own values in the person of another.
Believe in your dreams and they may come true; believe in yourself and they will come true.
The soul gives unity to what it looks at with love.
Cooperation is the thorough conviction that nobody can get there unless everybody gets there.
There can only be one state of mind as you approach any profound test; total concentration, a spirit of togetherness, and strength.
One man may hit the mark, another blunder; but heed not these distinctions. Only from the alliance of the one, working with and through the other, are great things born.
There are no problems we cannot solve together, and very few that we can solve by ourselves.
Never tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity.
The creative is the place where no one else has ever been. You have to leave the city of your comfort and go into the wilderness of your intuition. What you'll discover will be wonderful. What you'll discover is yourself.
The world is but a canvas to the imagination.
Friends are helpful not only because they will listen to us, but because they will laugh at us; Through them we learn a little objectivity, a little modesty, a little courtesy; We learn the rules of life and become better players of the game.
Get over the idea that only children should spend their time in study. Be a student so long as you still have something to learn, and this will mean all your life.
Learn everything you can, anytime you can, from anyone you can -- there will always come a time when you will be grateful you did.
I believe that the rendering of useful service is the common duty of mankind and that only in the purifying fire of sacrifice is the dross of selfishness consumed and the greatness of the human soul set free.
It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge.
We have all known the long loneliness and we have learned that the only solution is love and that love comes with community.
Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way.
All the art of living lies in a fine mingling of letting go and holding on.
Because life is a living, breathing work of art, you are a painting as you go. Be a masterpiece. Drink in life. Laugh too loud. Compliment others constantly.
Beauty is an experience, nothing else. It is not a fixed pattern or an arrangement of features. It is something felt, a glow or a communicated sense of fineness.
A true hero is not someone who thinks about doing what is right, but one that simply does what is right without thinking!
Passively listening to gossip or negative talk is implied agreement.
Patience -- the gift of being able to see past the emotion.
Peace at home, peace in the world.
A life full of enthusiasm, hope and contributions through one's own talent is a life well lived.
We were taught to respect everyone, especially those who were older and wiser than we were from whom we could learn.
You are a master of the words you don't say and a slave to the ones you do.
Anticipation is the key to success.
I want to live long enough see the day the people in this world put aside their differences and work hand in hand to achieve that state of acceptance of themselves and their surroundings, also known as PEACE.
No matter how much you plan, it is tenacity, unyielding desire to succeed, and the ability to cope with change that will eventually prevail.
If you are content with the best you have done, you will never become the best you can be.
Self-trust is the first secret of success, the belief that if you are here the authorities of the universe put you here, and for cause, or with some task strictly appointed you in your constitution, and so long as you work at that you are well and successful.
In all affairs it's a healthy thing now and then to hang a question mark on the things you have long taken for granted.
I've learned from experience that the greater part of our happiness or misery depends on our dispositions and not on our circumstances.
Let us tenderly and kindly cherish, therefore, the means of knowledge. Let us dare to read, think, speak, and write.
An invasion of armies can be resisted, but not an idea whose time has come.
You cannot escape the results of your thoughts. Whatever your present environment may be, you will fall, remain or rise with your thoughts, your vision, your ideal. You will become as small as your controlling desire; as great as your dominant aspiration.
You've got to have a dream, if you want to have a dream come true.
He is rich who is content with the least; for contentment is the wealth of nature.
When I started counting my blessings, my whole life turned around.
Anyone can carry his burden, however hard, until nightfall. Anyone can do his work, however hard, for one day. Anyone can live sweetly, patiently, lovingly, purely, till the sun goes down. And this is all life really means.
Your purpose may not always be obvious, but always remember that you do have a purpose.
I've always thought that a big laugh is a really loud noise from the soul saying, 'Ain't that the truth.'
When you have once seen the glow of happiness on the face of a beloved person, you know that a man can have no vocation but to awaken that light on [all] the faces surrounding him.
Every heart that has beat strong and cheerfully has left a hopeful impulse behind it in the world, and bettered the tradition of mankind.
Where hope grows, miracles blossom.
No act of kindness is too small. The gift of kindness may start as a small ripple that over time can turn into a tidal wave affecting the lives of many.
A good friend is a connection to life, a tie to the past, a road to the future, the key to sanity in a totally insane world.
There is one thing one has to have: either a soul that is cheerful by nature, or a soul made cheerful by work, love, art, and knowledge.
Being rich of heart makes you wealthy beyond compare.
The best part of life is not just surviving, but thriving with passion and compassion and humor and style and generosity and kindness.
Think left and think right and think low and think high. Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!
Our success as a nation is not measured by how many years we have governed or how many wars we have won. It is measured by the quality of life which we have created for the society that our ideals were founded upon.
He who has faith has... an inward reservoir of courage, hope, confidence, calmness, and assuring trust that all will come out well -- even though to the world it may appear to come out most badly.
A sense of humor... is needed armor. Joy in one's heart and some laughter on one's lips is a sign that the person down deep has a pretty good grasp of life.
You don't have to accept the invitation to get angry. Instead, practice forgiveness, empathy and encouragement.
Blessed is the season which engages the whole world in a conspiracy of love.
We are each gifted in a unique and important way. It is our privilege and our adventure to discover our own special light.
There is neither happiness nor unhappiness in this world; there is merely the comparison of one state to the other. Only a man who has felt ultimate despair is capable of feeling ultimate bliss.
Every day you have the opportunity to learn and experience some-thing and some-one new. Seize the opportunity. Learn and experience everything you can, and use it to change the world.
Love is patient, Love is Kind, it does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud.
Participate joyfully in the sorrows of the world. We cannot cure the world of sorrows, but we can choose to live in joy.
You're alive. Do something. The directive in life, the moral imperative was so uncomplicated. It could be expressed in single words, not complete sentences. It sounded like this: Look. Listen. Choose. Act.
I appreciate people who are civil, whether they mean it or not. I think: Be civil. Do not cherish your opinion over my feelings. There's a vanity to candor that isn't really worth it. Be kind.
The key to immortality is first living a life worth remembering.
You have only always to do what is right. It will become easier by practice, and you enjoy in the midst of your trials the pleasure of an approving conscience.
The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: Decide what you want.
What is defeat? Nothing but education; nothing but the first step to something better.
When there is no where else to turn, turn inward. Enter into the sacred silence of your soul and ask for healing, guidance and personal peace.
Our soul desires to be understanding, our ego is only concerned with being understood. When you are being understanding you are connected to your soul.
Love is friendship that has caught fire. It is quiet understanding, mutual confidence, sharing and forgiving. It is loyalty through good and bad times. It settles for less than perfection and makes allowances for human weaknesses.
Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgment that something else is more important than fear.
Trials, temptations, disappointments -- all these are helps instead of hindrances, if one uses them rightly. They not only test the fiber of character but strengthen it...Every trial endured and weathered in the right spirit makes a soul nobler and stronger than it was before.
Call it a clan, call it a network, call it a tribe, call it a family. Whatever you call it, whoever you are, you need one.
A true friend freely, advises justly, assists readily, adventures boldly, takes all patiently, defends courageously, and continues a friend unchangeably.
A leader is someone who demonstrates what's possible.
After all these years, I am still involved in the process of self-discovery. It's better to explore life and make mistakes than to play it safe. Mistakes are part of the dues one pays for a full life.
Society is joint action and cooperation in which each participant sees the other partner's success as a means for the attainment of his own.
Despair shows us the limit of our imagination. Imaginations shared create collaboration, and collaboration creates community, and community inspires social change.
Love the moment. Flowers grow out of dark moments. Therefore, each moment is vital. It affects the whole. Life is a succession of such moments and to live each, is to succeed.
Wherever there is a human in need, there is an opportunity for kindness and to make a difference.
Don't waste life in doubts and fears; spend yourself on the work before you, well assured that the right performance of this hour's duties will be the best preparation for the hours and ages that will follow it.
Peace holds within itself trust in the Lord, the trust that He governs all things and provides all things, and that He leads towards an end that is good.
Life is just a chance to grow a soul.
I like living. I have sometimes been wildly, despairingly, acutely miserable, racked with sorrow, but through it all I still know quite certainly that just to be alive is a grand thing.
Love life and life will love you back. Love people and they will love you back.
Nobody in life gets exactly what they thought they were going to get. But if you work really hard and you're kind, amazing things will happen.
Failing to prepare is like preparing to fail.
Life is short and we have never too much time for gladdening the hearts of those who are traveling the dark journey with us. Oh be swift to love, make haste to be kind.
Your living is determined not so much by what life brings to you as by the attitude you bring to life; not so much by what happens to you as by the way your mind looks at what happens.
Rejoice in the things that are present; all else is beyond thee.
Every now and again take a good look at something not made with hands: a mountain, a star, the turn of a stream. There will come to you wisdom and patience and solace and, above all, the assurance that you are not alone in the world.
A man knows he has found his vocation when he stops thinking about how to live, and begins to live.
A person who doubts himself is like a man who would enlist in the ranks of his enemies and bear arms against himself. He makes his failure certain by himself being the first person to be convinced of it.
All human wisdom is summed up in two words; wait and hope.
Hope is always available to us. When we feel defeated, we need only take a deep breath and say, "Yes," and hope will reappear.
I am happy for who I am, and what I have come to be. I look forward to whatever else that may come with positivity.
Don't be afraid to be amazing.
The giving of love is an education in itself.
Never talk defeat. Use words like hope, belief, faith, victory.
Judge me not by physical size or appearance, but judge me by the size of my character.
A pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties.
It always seems impossible until its done.
The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.
You know you're in love when you don't want to fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
When you are kind to someone in trouble, you hope they'll remember and be kind to someone else. And it'll become like a wildfire.
Love is always bestowed as a gift -- freely, willingly, and without expectation. We don't love to be loved; we love to love.
Breathe. Let go. And remind yourself that this very moment is the only one you know you have for sure.
Four Very Powerful Words to Say to Your Child: I BELIEVE IN YOU.
Dig within. Within is the wellspring of Good; and it is always ready to bubble up, if you just dig.
Kindness is an inner desire that makes us want to do good things even if we do not get anything in return. It is the joy of our life to do them. When we do good things from this inner desire, there is kindness in everything we think, say, want and do.
When you do nothing, you feel overwhelmed and powerless. But when you get involved, you feel the sense of hope and accomplishment that comes from knowing you are working to make things better.
Life is less about what you do, and more about how and why you do those things. This is called character.
We tend to forget that happiness doesn't come as a result of getting something we don't have, but rather of recognizing and appreciating what we do have.
When what we want to do and what we ought to do are two different things, character is built in the choice we make.
What first we find impossible, we later deem unlikely, and eventually accept as inevitable.
What greater thing is there for human souls than to feel that they are joined for life -- to be with each other in silent unspeakable memories.
Let the beauty that we love be what we do.
It's highly virtuous to say we'll be good, but we can't do it all at once, and it takes a long pull, a strong pull, and a pull all together before some of us even get our feet set in the right way.
If your dream requires patience, give it.
Be careful of your actions. You never know when your creating a memory.
What should young people do with their lives today? Many things, obviously. But the most daring thing is to create stable communities in which the terrible disease of loneliness can be cured.
We can never get a re-creation of community and heal our society without giving our citizens a sense of belonging.
Among the things you can give and still keep are your word, a smile, and a grateful heart.
Know in your heart that all things are possible. We couldn't conceive of a miracle if none had ever happened.
I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs but how high he bounces when he hits bottom.
If you don't stand for something, you will fall for anything.
When your brook dries up and disappointment comes your way, you do not necessarily need to assume that you did something wrong.
Stop thinking gratitude as a buy product of your circumstances and start thinking of it as a world view.
Live today. Not yesterday. Not tomorrow. Just today. Inhabit your moments. Don't rent them out to tomorrow.
When obstacles arise, you change your direction to reach your goal, you do not change your decision to get there.
He who wishes to secure the good of others, has already secured his own.
The longer I live, the more I realize the impact of attitude on life.
Dare to reach out your hand into the darkness, to pull another hand into the light.
Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
Love never reasons but profusely gives; gives, like a thoughtless prodigal, its all, and trembles lest it has done too little.
Hope is not pretending that troubles don't exist. It is the hope that they won't last forever. That hurts will be healed and difficulties overcome. That we will be led out of the darkness and into the sunshine.
It ain't about how hard you can hit. Its about how hard you can get hit, and how much you can take, and keep moving forward.
Love recognizes no barriers. It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination, full of hope.
Who will tell whether one happy moment of love or the joy of breathing or walking on a bright morning and smelling the fresh air, is not worth all the suffering and effort which life implies.
I count life just a stuff, to try the soul's strength on.
Hold fast to dreams. For if dreams die, life is a broken-winged bird that cannot fly.
Friendship, love, health, energy, enthusiasm, and joy are the things that make life worth living and exploring.
Walk with the dreamers, the believers, the courageous, the cheerful, the planners, the doers, the successful people with their heads in the clouds and their feet on the ground. Let their spirit ignite a fire within you to leave this world better than when you found it.
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.
Do not count the days; make the days count.
We do not remember days; we remember moments.
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.
And in the end it's not the years in your life that count; it's the life in your years.
There's only us, there's only this. Forget regret, or life is yours to miss. No other road, no other way, no day but today.
Fruit does not grow on the trunk...it is found out on the limb.
Each day offers us the gift of being a special occasion if we can simply learn that as well as giving, it is blessed to receive with grace and a grateful heart.
Remember the things in life that are free to each of us-our family, our friends, our soul, our hopes, our dreams, and our knowledge-are the most important.
When we serve we experience, when we experience we teach, when we teach we learn, when we learn our lives are permanently changed, and as our lives are changed we are enriched beyond our wildest dreams.
Some come and leave, fulfilling a single purpose; others, for a time or a season to teach us by sharing their experiences; and last, a select few who participate forever with relationships that endure through eternity.
Spring ushers in the birth and growth of new beginnings. Summer develops and matures new life in the warmth of light. Fall celebrates life and displays inspiration through color. Winter then rests and builds for the new day, preparing for the next season.
Motivation is knowing you are learning, growing, and succeeding toward your desired outcome while sustaining positive momentum.
To live a life fulfilled reflect on the things you have with gratitude.
Make the decision, make it with confidence, and the world will be yours.
Success is nothing more or less than being who you want to be; progressing toward your ideal each day.
At the end of your life, you will never regret not having passed one more test, not winning one more verdict, or not closing one more deal. You will regret time not spent with a husband, a friend, a child, or a parent.
What I've experienced is that I can't know the future. I can't know if anything that I do will change what happens tomorrow. I can't know with certainty, but what I do know is if I do nothing, nothing will change.
Live your life from your heart. Share from your heart. And your story will touch and heal people's souls.
People, even more than things, have to be restored, renewed, revived, reclaimed, and redeemed; never throw out anyone.
In the hour of adversity, be not without hope; for crystal rain falls from black clouds.
Humankind has not woven the web of life. We are but one thread within it. Whatever we do to the web, we do to ourselves. All things are bound together. All things connect.
Climb the mountains and get their good tidings. Nature's peace will flow into you as sunshine flows into trees. The winds will blow their own freshness into you, and the storms their energy, while cares will drop off like autumn leaves.
Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely.
There is a destiny that makes us brothers, No one goes his way alone; All that we send into the lives of others, Comes back into our own.
There is no problem unless we choose to make it one, so think carefully before you act.
You are Braver than you Believe, Smarter than you Seem, and Stronger than you Think.
Tomorrow do thy worst, I have lived today.
The vision that you glorify in your mind, the ideal that you enthrone in your heart -- this you will build your life by, and this you will become.
To meet at all, one must open ones eyes to another; and there is no true conversation no matter how many words are spoken, unless the eye, unveiled and listening, opens itself to the other.
Courage is about doing what you're afraid to do. There can be no courage unless you're scared.
Thoughts lead on to purposes; purposes go forth in action; actions form habits; habits decide character; and character fixes our destiny.
It is the nature of the strong heart, that like the palm tree it strives ever upwards when it is most burdened.
When we talk about understanding, surely it takes place only when the mind listens completely -- the mind being your heart, your nerves, your ears- when you give your whole attention to it.
Nature, by example, shows us anything worthwhile comes over time. Anything worthwhile grows methodically, building on a strong foundation. Develop a willingness to carry on despite roadblocks.
Maintain composure in times of heightened emotion, reacting only when thoughts are calm and clear. Being sensible will open doors for solutions and creativity.
Sometimes the most important thing in a whole day is the rest we take between two deep breaths.
Behold the turtle. He only makes progress when he sticks his neck out.
A mistake is a crash-course in learning.
Genius is nothing but a great capacity for patience.
Remember there's no such thing as a small act of kindness. Every act creates a ripple with no logical end.
There is no passion to be found playing small -- in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living.
There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will.
Most of our obstacles would melt away if, instead of cowering before them, we should make up our minds to walk boldly through them.
If a man does not know what port he is steering for, no wind is favorable to him.
Smile at each other, smile at your wife, smile at your husband, smile at your children, smile at each other -- it doesn't matter who it is -- and that will help you to grow up in greater love for each other.
Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You.
Many small people, in many small places, do many small things, that can alter the face of the world.
When we feel love and kindness toward others, it not only makes others feel loved and cared for, but it helps us also to develop inner happiness and peace.
Be yourself. There is something that you can do better than any other. Listen to the inward voice and bravely obey that.
The happiest people I have known have been those who gave themselves no concern about their own souls, but did their uttermost to mitigate the miseries of others.
Look for the good and praise it.
It is lack of love for ourselves that inhibits our compassion toward others. If we make friends with ourselves, then there is no obstacle to opening our hearts and minds to others.
You can't stay in your corner of the forest waiting for others to come to you. You have to go to them sometimes.
Courage is only the accumulation of small steps.
If you laugh -- you change; and when you change -- the world changes.
If the world seems cold to you, kindle fires to warm it.
Helping, fixing and serving represent three different ways of seeing life. When you help, you see life as weak. When you fix, you see life as broken. When you serve, you see life as whole. Fixing and helping may be the work of the ego, and service the work of the soul.
To live for results would be to sentence myself to continuous frustration. My only sure reward is in my actions and not from them.
To keep our faces toward change and behave like free spirits in the presence of fate is strength undefeatable.
Happiness comes of the capacity to feel deeply, to enjoy simply, to think freely, to risk life, to be needed.
Encouragement is the oxygen of the soul.
Do more than belong: participate. Do more than care: help. Do more than believe: practice. Do more than be fair: be kind. Do more than forgive: forget. Do more than dream: work.
A smile is the universal welcome.
Joy is prayer - Joy is strength - Joy is love - Joy is a net of love by which you can catch souls. She gives most who gives with Joy.
Perhaps our eyes need to be washed by our tears once in a while, so that we can see Life with a clearer view again.
The turning point in the process of growing up is when you discover the core of strength within you that survives all hurt.
To bear defeat with dignity, to accept criticism with poise, to receive honors with humility -- these are marks of maturity and graciousness.
Always fall in with what you're asked to accept. Take what is given, and make it over your way. My aim in life has always been to hold my own with whatever's going. Not against: with.
The creative person is willing to live with ambiguity. He doesn't need problems solved immediately and can afford to wait for the right ideas.
Everyone has a story, make your own worth telling.
We cannot tell the precise moment when friendship formed. As in filling a vessel drop by drop, there is at last a drop which makes it run over; so in a series of kindness there is at last one which makes the heart run over.
You are only as strong as your purpose, therefore let us choose reasons to act that are big, bold, righteous and eternal.
It's okay to look back at the past. Just don't stare.
Creativity doesn't wait for that perfect moment. It fashions its own perfect moments out of ordinary ones.
The happy heart runs with the river, floats on the air, lifts to the music, soars with the eagle, hopes with the prayer.
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer.
Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterwards.
Today, more than ever before, life must be characterized by a sense of Universal responsibility, not only nation to nation and human to human, but also human to other forms of life.
What is success? I think it is a mixture of having a flair for the thing that you are doing; knowing that it is not enough, that you have got to have hard work and a certain sense of purpose.
Courage is like love; it must have hope for nourishment.
Freedom has its life in the hearts, the actions, the spirit of men and so it must be daily earned and refreshed -- else like a flower cut from its life-giving roots, it will wither and die.
I love the man that can smile in trouble, that can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death.
I have seen what a laugh can do. It can transform almost unbearable tears into something bearable, even hopeful.
As the builders say, the larger stones do not lie well without the lesser.
Life becomes harder for us when we live for others, but it also becomes richer and happier.
Aerodynamically, the bumble bee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumble bee doesn't know it so it goes on flying anyway.
It isn't the mountains ahead to climb that wear you out; it's the pebble in your shoe.
If you're not failing every now and again, it's a sign you're not doing anything very innovative.
What we have done for ourselves alone dies with us; what we have done for others and the world remains and is immortal.
If you talk to a man in a language he understands, that goes to his head. If you talk to him in his language, that goes to his heart.
We plant seeds that will flower as results in our lives, so best to remove the weeds of anger, avarice, envy and doubt, that peace and abundance may manifest for all.
The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in the mind at the same time, and still retain the ability to function. One should, for example, be able to see that things are hopeless and yet be determined to make them otherwise.
Do the one thing you think you cannot do. Fail at it. Try again. Do better the second time. The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire. This is your moment. Own it.
Every thought is a seed. If you plant crab apples, don't count on harvesting Golden Delicious.
With every experience, you alone are painting your own canvas, thought by thought, choice by choice.
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goals: my strength lies solely in my tenacity.
The most important thing in life is to learn how to give out love, and to let it come in.
My riches consist not in the extent of my possessions, but in the fewness of my wants.
If we do not lay ourselves at the service of mankind, whom should we serve?
Changing the world is good for those who want their names in books. But being happy, that is for those who write their names in the lives of others, and hold the hearts of others as the treasure most dear.
There will come a time when you believe everything is finished. That will be the beginning.
Do you wish to rise? Begin by descending. You plan a tower that will pierce the clouds? Lay first the foundation of humility.
It takes generosity to discover the whole through others. If you realize you are only a violin, you can open yourself up to the world by playing your role in the concert.
Wisdom and penetration are the fruit of experience, not the lessons of retirement and leisure. Great necessities call out great virtues.
Never lose sight of the fact that the most important yardstick of your success will be how you treat other people -- your family, friends, and coworkers, and even strangers you meet along the way.
At the height of laughter, the universe is flung into a kaleidoscope of new possibilities.
The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it.
The mode by which the inevitable comes to pass is effort.
The small courtesies sweeten life; the greater, ennoble it.
Keep your fears to yourself, but share your courage with others.
They can because they think they can.
You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it come true. You may have to work for it, however.
Unless commitment is made, there are only promises and hopes... but no plans.
Every calling is great when greatly pursued.
Example has more followers than reason. We unconsciously imitate what pleases us, and insensibly approximate to the characters we most admire. In this way, a generous habit of thought and of action carries with it an incalculable influence.
To be rich in admiration and free from envy, to rejoice greatly in the good of others, to love with such generosity of heart that your love is still a dear possession in absence or unkindness -- these are the gifts which money cannot buy.
Your attitude is your altitude. It determines how high you fly.
Sometimes when learning comes before experience it doesn't make sense right away.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
Man's mind stretched to a new idea never goes back to its original dimensions.
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare; it is because we do not dare that they are difficult.
The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other's life.
Wherever we are, it is our friends that make our world.
I find the great thing in this world is not so much where we stand, as in what direction we are moving... we must sail sometimes with the wind and sometimes against it... but we must sail and not drift nor lie at anchor.
God's promises are like the stars; the darker the night the brighter they shine.
Bloom where you are planted.
If a man be gracious and courteous to strangers, it shows he is a citizen of the world, and that his heart is no island cut off from other lands, but a continent that joins to them.
When your views on the world and your intellect are being challenged and you begin to feel uncomfortable because of a contradiction you've detected that is threatening your current model of the world...pay attention. You are about to learn something.
Honest towards ourselves and towards anyone else who is our friend; brave towards the enemy; magnanimous towards the defeated; polite always: this is how the four cardinal virtues want us to act.
The only way to make a man trustworthy is to trust him.
Patience is the companion of wisdom.
Loyalty is a feature in a boy's character that inspires boundless hope.
Joy is but the sign that creative emotion is fulfilling its purpose.
The most unambiguous sign that a person holds men in low esteem is this: That he either acknowledges them merely as means to his ends or does not acknowledge them at all.
Perseverance is more prevailing than violence; and many things which cannot be overcome when they are together, yield themselves up when taken little by little.
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
Human diversity makes tolerance more than a virtue; it makes it a requirement for survival.
The harder you fall, the higher you bounce.
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.
You need to be aware of what others are doing, applaud their efforts, acknowledge their successes, and encourage them in their pursuits. When we all help one another, everybody wins.
It takes both rain and sunshine to make a rainbow.
Surely the day will come when color means nothing more than skin tone, when religion is seen uniquely as a way to speak one's soul; when birth places have the weight of a throw of the dice and all men are born free, when understanding breeds love and brotherhood.
Moderation is the feebleness and sloth of the soul, whereas ambition is the warmth and activity of it.
The world is moving so fast these days that the man who says it can't be done is generally interrupted by someone doing it.
Shared joys make a friend, not shared sufferings.
You should respect each other and refrain from disputes; you should not, like water and oil, repel each other, but should, like milk and water, mingle together.
One forgives to the degree that one loves.
I would rather be able to appreciate things I can not have than to have things I am not able to appreciate.
Love is blind; friendship closes its eyes.
Treat the other man's faith gently; it is all he has to believe with.
Children have never been very good at listening to their elders, but they have never failed to imitate them.
Hope, deceitful though it be, is at least of this good use to us that while we are traveling through this life, it conducts us by an easier and more pleasant way to our journey's end.
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing that you will make one.
The essence of all beautiful art, all great art, is gratitude.
Commerce and justice are not divorceable notions.
A man who lacks reliability is utterly useless.
He that has patience may compass anything.
Never regret yesterday. Life is in you today, and you make your tomorrow.
That which does not kill us makes us stronger.
Love consists in this, that its own should be another's; to feel the joy of another as joy in oneself, that is loving.
He who walks with the wise grows wise, but a companion of fools suffers harm.
One of the things I learned the hard way was that it doesn't pay to get discouraged. Keeping busy and making optimism a way of life can restore your faith in yourself.
Nothing is more contagious than example, and no man does any exceeding good or exceeding ill but it spawns new deeds of the same kind. The good we imitate through emulation, the ill through the malignity of our nature, which shame keeps locked up, but example sets free.
The craving for equality can express itself either as a desire to pull everyone down to our own level or as a desire to raise ourselves up along with everyone else.
Neither fire nor wind, birth nor death can erase our good deeds.
Discipline isn't just punishing, forcing compliance or stamping out bad behavior. Rather, discipline has to do with teaching proper deportment, caring about others, controlling oneself and putting someone else's wishes before one's own when the occasion calls for it.
Old people love to give good advice to console themselves for no longer being able to set a bad example.
Positive anything is better than negative nothing.
Creativity is a natural extension of our enthusiasm.
A will finds a way.
To see what is right and not to do it is want of courage.
The heart of a mother is a deep abyss at the bottom of which you will always find forgiveness.
It is more shameful to distrust one's friends than to be deceived by them.
Religions are many and diverse, but reason and goodness are one.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
There is no investment you can make which will pay you so well as the effort to scatter sunshine and good cheer through your establishment.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
My responsibility to myself, my neighbors, my family and the human family is to try to tell the truth.
The world's people all share the earnest aspiration to have peace, stability, justice and cooperation.
Never does the human soul appear so strong and noble as when it forgoes revenge and dares to forgive injury.
Life is truly known only to those who suffer, lose, endure adversity and stumble from defeat to defeat.
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
Happiness can be found in even the darkest of times, but only to those who remember to turn on the light.
Security is not the meaning of my life. Great opportunities are worth the risk.
I postpone death by living, by suffering, by error, by risking, by giving, by losing.
Vision is the art of seeing what is invisible to others.
A soul that is kind and intends justice discovers more than any sophist.
The man who can drive himself further once the effort gets painful is the man who will win.
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. Until your good is better and your better is best.
Laughter is the sun that drives winter from the human face.
Each contact with a human being is so rare, so precious, one should preserve it.
Patience is a remedy for every sorrow.
Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
Vision without action is merely a dream. Action without vision just passes the time. Vision with action can change the world.
Someone with their feet planted firmly on the ground has no hope of reaching the stars.
Perseverance, secret of all triumphs.
When you make a world tolerable for yourself, you make a world tolerable for others.
The tendency in modern civilization is to make the world uniform... Let the mind be universal. The individual should not be sacrificed.
But groundless hope, like unconditional love, is the only kind worth having.
Trust everybody, but cut the cards.
Each child is an adventure into a better life -- an opportunity to change the old pattern and make it new.
Always give your best, never get discouraged, never be petty; always remember, others may hate you, but those who hate you don't win unless you hate them, and then you destroy yourself.
Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky.
Willingness to compromise with others' ways of living and cooperation in common tasks, these make living happy and fruitful.
I think of a hero as someone who understands the degree of responsibility that comes with his freedom.
...one of my motivating forces has been to recreate the world I know into a world I wish I could be in. Hence my optimism and happy endings.
As for courage and will we cannot measure how much of each lies within us, we can only trust there will be sufficient to carry through trials which may lie ahead.
Your thoughts, words and deeds are painting the world around you.
In union there is strength.
God gave us memory that we might have roses in December.
Thoughtfulness for others, generosity, modesty, and self-respect, are the qualities which make a real gentleman, or lady, as distinguished from the veneered article which commonly goes by that name.
The day the child realizes that all adults are imperfect he becomes an adolescent; the day he forgives them, he becomes an adult; the day he forgives himself he becomes wise.
The hope, and not the fact, of advancement, is the spur to industry.
We could learn a lot from crayons; some are sharp, some are pretty, some are dull, while others bright, some have weird names, but they all have learned to live together in the same box.
Nothing is really work unless you would rather be doing something else.
Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace. The soul that knows it not, knows no release from little things; knows not the livid loneliness of fear.
Patience and tenacity of purpose are worth more than twice their weight of cleverness.
Don't let your failures define you--let them teach you.
Work without Hope draws nectar in a sieve, And Hope without an object cannot live.
So powerful is the light of unity that it can illuminate the whole earth.
You grow up the day you have your first real laugh at yourself.
The more one does and sees and feels, the more one is able to do, and the more genuine may be one's appreciation of fundamental things like home, and love, and understanding companionship.
If only people would realize that moral principles are like measles...They have to be caught. And only the people who've got them can pass on the contagion.
Focusing your life solely on making a buck shows a certain poverty of ambition. It asks too little of yourself. Because it's only when you hitch your wagon to something larger than yourself that you realize your true potential.
I stopped believing in Santa Claus at age six when my mother took me to see him in a store and he asked for my autograph.
The highest of distinctions is service to others.
You must learn day by day, year by year, to broaden your horizon. The more things you love, the more you are interested in, the more you enjoy, the more you are indignant about, the more you have left when anything happens.
If the only prayer you ever say in your entire life is thank you, it will be enough.
A community is like a ship; everyone ought to be prepared to take the helm.
Here, with whitened hair, desires failing, strength ebbing out of him, with the sun gone down and with only the serenity and the calm warning of the evening star left to him, he drank to Life, to all it had been, to what it was, to what it would be. Hurrah!
Self-reverence, self-knowledge, self-control: These three alone lead life to sovereign power.
How can I be useful, of what service can I be? There is something inside me, what can it be?
I may be compelled to face danger, but never fear it, and while our soldiers can stand and fight, I can stand and feed and nurse them.
Unheard of means it's only undreamed of yet; Impossible means it's just not yet done.
A good education is not so much one which prepares a man to succeed in the world, as one which enables him to sustain a failure.
Do you wish to be great? Then begin by being. Do you desire to construct a vast and lofty fabric? Think first about the foundations of humility. The higher your structure is to be, the deeper must be its foundation.
The greater man the greater courtesy.
Nothing splendid has ever been achieved except by those who dared believe that something inside them was superior to circumstance.
There is no substitute for hard work.
With love and patience, nothing is impossible.
... to a poet, the human community is like the community of birds to a bird, singing to each other. Love is one of the reasons we are singing to one another, love of language itself, love of sound, love of singing itself, and love of the other birds.
Caring can be learned by all human beings, can be worked into the design of every life, meeting an individual need as well as a pervasive need in society.
A moment of patience in a moment of anger can help us avoid a thousand moments of sorrow.
My work is loving the world.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
It is a blessed thing that in every age someone has had the individuality enough and courage enough to stand by his own convictions.
One of the annoying things about believing in free will and individual responsibility is the difficulty of finding somebody to blame your problems on. And when you do find somebody, it's remarkable how often his picture turns up on your driver's license.
The trouble is that rich people, well-to-do people, very often don't really know who the poor are; and that is why we can forgive them, for knowledge can only lead to love, and love to service. And so, if they are not touched by them, it's because they do not know them.
Tact is the ability to make a person see lightning without letting him feel the bolt.
Every man who expresses an honest thought is a soldier in the army of intellectual liberty.
Effort is only effort when it begins to hurt.
Honesty and transparency make you vulnerable. Be honest and transparent anyway.
Praise can be your most valuable asset as long as you don't aim it at yourself.
To dream anything that you want to dream.
That's the beauty of the human mind.
To do anything that you want to do.
That is the strength of the human will.
To trust yourself to test your limits.
That is the courage to succeed.
He stands erect by bending over the fallen. He rises by lifting others.
There is more hunger for love and appreciation in this world than for bread.
Emptiness is a symptom that you are not living creatively. You either have not goal that is important enough to you, or you are not using your talents and efforts in a striving toward an important goal.
An error doesn't become a mistake until you refuse to correct it.
In helping others, we shall help ourselves, for whatever good we give out completes the circle and comes back to us.
Great minds have purposes, others have wishes.
We all have dreams. But in order to make dreams come into reality, it takes an awful lot of determination, dedication, self-discipline, and effort.
It's not about how much you do, but how much love you put into what you do that counts.
Goals give you more than a reason to get up in the morning; they are an incentive to keep you going all day. Goals tend to tap the deeper resources and draw the best out of life.
In necessary things, unity; in disputed things, liberty; in all things, charity.
Good men prefer to be accountable.
Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above them.
Character is much easier kept than recovered.
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.
He who would learn to fly one day must first learn to stand and walk and run and climb and dance; one cannot fly into flying.
It is thus tolerance that is the source of peace, and intolerance that is the source of disorder and squabbling.
Right actions in the future are the best apologies for bad actions in the past.
One man with courage makes a majority.
We have it in our power to change the world over.
We can do no great things -- only small things with great love.
Heaven on Earth is a choice you must make, not a place we must find.
Try not to become a man of success but a man of value.
I believe in the equality of man; and I believe that religious duties consist in doing justice, loving mercy, and endeavoring to make our fellow-creatures happy.
Music is the effort we make to explain to ourselves how our brains work. We listen to Bach transfixed because this is listening to a human mind.
It's never too late to be what you might have been.
You bring out the best in yourself by looking for the best in others.
We can't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them.
Any man worth his salt will stick up for what he believes right, but it takes a slightly better man to acknowledge instantly and without reservation that he is in error.
The world is my country, all mankind are my bethren, and to do good is my religion.
Make no small plans for they have no power to stir the soul.
Responsibility finds a way. Irresponsibilty makes excuses!
We've removed the ceiling above our dreams. There are no more impossible dreams.
The secret to mastery in any field is to forever be a student.
The language of friendship is not words but meanings.
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire.
Compassion will cure more sins than condemnation.
We forget that every good that is worth possessing must be paid for in strokes of daily effort. We postpone and postpone, until those smiling possibilities are dead.
Never violate the sacredness of your individual self-respect.
The most I can do for my friend is simply to be his friend. I have no wealth to bestow on him. If he knows that I am happy in loving him, he will want no other reward. Is not friendship divine in this?
Until you value yourself you will not value your time. Until you value your time, you will not do anything with it.
Every man should keep a fair-sized cemetery in which to bury the faults of his friends.
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.
Live all you can -- it's a mistake not to. It doesn't so much matter what you do in particular, so long as you have your life. If you haven't had that, what have you had?
Find out who you are and do it on purpose.
The sacredness, if there is any, is all in yourself and not in the place.
If you will think about what you ought to do for other people, your character will take care of itself. Character is a by-product, and any man who devotes himself to its cultivation in his own case will become a selfish prig.
Courage is the ladder on which all the other virtues mount.
Nothing truly valuable arises from ambition or from a mere sense of duty; it stems rather from love and devotion towards men and towards objective things.
To change one's life: Start immediately. Do it flamboyantly. No exceptions.
The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain.
I am resolved that I will not through humility become the devil's attorney. I will endeavor to speak a good word for the truth.
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, vision cleared, ambition inspired, and success achieved.
When one door closes another door opens, but we so often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door, that we do not see the ones which open for us.
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.
The greatest discovery of my generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind.
The struggle alone pleases us, not the victory.
If a man has any greatness in him, it comes to light, not in one flamboyant hour, but in the ledger of his daily work.
Courage is a special kind of knowledge: the knowledge of how to fear what ought to be feared and how not to fear what ought not to be feared.
I think and think for months and years, ninety-nine times, the conclusion is false. The hundredth time I am right.
...religious experience, as we have studied it, cannot be cited as unequivocally supporting the infinitist belief. The only thing that it unequivocally testifies to is that we can experience union with something larger than ourselves and in that union find our greatest peace.
The strength of a man's virtue must not be measured by his efforts, but by his ordinary life.
If you have built castles in the air, your work need not be lost: that is where they should be. Now put the foundations under them.
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.
These are days when no one should rely unduly on his 'competence.' Strength lies in improvisation. All the decisive blows are struck left-handed.
Let every man be respected as an individual and no man idolized.
Far and away the best prize that life offers is the chance to work hard at work worth doing.
The heart has reason which reason cannot understand.
Go confidently in the direction of our dreams! Live the life you've imagined.
People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is built.
Happiness includes chiefly the idea of satisfaction after full honest effort. No one can possibly be satisfied and no one can be happy who feels that in some paramount affairs he failed to take up the challenge of life.
Relativity applies to physics, not ethics.
It seems the harder I work, the more luck I have.
Whoever you are, whatever your dream, you have to be strong in your head and strong in your heart. Be strong. There's no quitting in the person who wants it bad enough.
We are not what we are, nor do we treat or esteem each other for such, but for what we are capable of being.
When the character of a man is not clear to you, look at his friends.
There is incredible value in being of service to others.
The most important human endeavor is striving for morality in our actions. Our inner balance and even our very existence depend on it. Only morality in our actions can give beauty and dignity to our lives.
If a man does his best, what else is there?
There never is but one opportunity of a kind.
Whoever said anybody has a right to give up?
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
He to whom this emotion is a stranger, who can no longer pause to wonder and stand rapt in awe, is as good as dead: his eyes are closed.
Health, learning and virtue will ensure your happiness; they will give you a quiet conscience, private esteem and public honour.
Tolerance is only complacence when it makes no distinction between right and wrong.
If men could combine thus earnestly, and patiently, and harmoniously to some really worthy end, what might they not accomplish?
We must be willing to get rid of the life we've planned, so as to have the life that is waiting for us.
I'd rather be a could-be if I cannot be an are; because a could-be is a maybe who is reaching for a star. I'd rather be a has-been than a might-have-been, by far; for a might have-been has never been, but a has was once an are.
The happiest moments my heart knows are those in which it is pouring forth its affections to a few esteemed characters.
We cannot change the cards we are dealt, just how we play the hand.
It is never too late to give up our prejudices.
There's no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love. There is only a scarcity of resolve to make it happen.
In each human heart are a tiger, a pig, an ass and a nightingale. Diversity of character is due to their unequal activity.
True religion is real living; living with all one's soul, with all one's goodness and righteousness.
It is worth the while to live respectably unto ourselves. We can possibly get along with a neighbor, even with a bedfellow, whom we respect but very little; but as soon as it comes to this, that we do not respect ourselves, then we do not get along at all...
Anyone can dabble, but once you've made that commitment, your blood has that particular thing in it, and it's very hard for people to stop you.
The power of a movement lies in the fact that it can indeed change the habits of people. This change is not the result of force but of dedication, of moral persuasion.
Not everything that counts can be counted, and not everything that can be counted counts.
With faith, discipline and selfless devotion to duty, there is nothing worthwhile that you cannot achieve.
I expect to pass through life but once. If therefore, there be any kindness I can show, or any good thing I can do to any fellow being, let me do it now, and not defer or neglect it, as I shall not pass this way again.
My actual life is a fact, in view of which I have no occasion to congratulate myself; but for my faith and aspiration I have respect. It is from these that I speak.
Whenever you do a thing, act as if all the world were watching.
Humility must always be the portion of any man who receives acclaim earned in the blood of his followers and the sacrifices of his friends.
Greater love has no one than this, that he lay down his life for his friends.
I wouldn't be human if I didn't feel pride and something that transcends pride humility.
The world rests on principles.
You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it.
There is no revenge so complete as forgiveness.
The supreme quality for leadership is unquestionably integrity. Without it, no real success is possible, no matter whether it is on a section gang, a football field, in an army, or in an office.
Children are apt to live up to what you believe of them.
Learning is what most adults will do for a living in the 21st century.
It is a characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things.
Though God hath raised me high, yet this I count the glory of my crown: that I have reigned with your loves. And though you have had, and may have, many mightier and wiser princes sitting in this seat; yet you never had, nor shall have any that will love you better.
It is a very delicate job to forgive a man, without lowering him in his own estimation, and yours too.
Charity activities are the force which gives our life meaning.
There can be no friendship without confidence, and no confidence without integrity.
Success is focusing the full power of all you are on what you have a burning desire to achieve.
I think that we may safely trust a good deal more than we do. We may waive just so much care of ourselves as we honestly bestow elsewhere. Nature is as well adapted to our weakness as to our strength.
Out beyond ideas of wrongdoing and rightdoing, there is a field. I will meet you there.
A smile starts on the lips, A grin spreads to the eyes, A chuckle comes from the belly; But a good laugh bursts forth from the soul, Overflows, and bubbles all around.
If a man does not make new acquaintance as he advances through life, he will soon find himself left alone. A man, Sir, should keep his friendship in constant repair.
World peace, like community peace, does not require that each man love his neighbor -- it requires only that they live together with mutual tolerance, submitting their disputes to a just and peaceful settlement.
Great changes may not happen right away, but with effort even the difficult may become easy.
What we hope ever to do with ease, we must learn first to do with diligence.
This is the first test of a gentleman: his respect for those who can be of no possible value to him.
Commitment means that it is possible for a man to yield the nerve center of his consent to a purpose or cause, a movement or an ideal, which may be more important to him than whether he lives or dies.
In recognizing the humanity of our fellow beings, we pay ourselves the highest tribute.
It is easier to forgive an enemy than to forgive a friend.
Friendship is the inexpressible comfort of feeling safe with a person, having neither to weigh thoughts nor measure words.
Physical bravery is an animal instinct; moral bravery is much higher and truer courage.
Don't ask yourself what the world needs. Ask yourself what makes you come alive and then go do that. Because what the world needs is people who have come alive.
Tolerance and celebration of individual differences is the fire that fuels lasting love.
The real community of man...is the community of those who seek the truth, of the potential knowers.
Perhaps the most delightful friendships are those in which there is much agreement, much disputation, and yet more personal liking.
Hope is itself a species of happiness, and, perhaps, the chief happiness which this world affords: but, like all other pleasures immoderately enjoyed, the excesses of hope must be expiated by pain; and expectations improperly indulged must end in disappointment.
Pure love is a willingness to give without a thought of receiving anything in return.
It is the formidable character of the species to routinely seek the improbable, the difficult, even the impossible, as a source of pleasure and self-justification. Who would try to write poems, or novels, or paint pictures unless he is an optimist?
Our Similarities bring us to a common ground; Our Differences allow us to be fascinated by each other.
The failure to read good books both enfeebles the vision and strengthens our most fatal tendency -- the belief that the here and now is all there is.
Most of us who turn to any subject we love remember some morning or evening hour when wesat with parted lips listening to a new talker, or for very lack of books began to listen to the voices within, as the first traceable beginning of our love.
Integrity without knowledge is weak and useless, and knowledge without integrity is dangerous and dreadful.
Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.
The first duty of love is to listen.
As you become more clear about who you really are, you'll be better able to decide what is best for you -- the first time around.
Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future.
The important work of moving the world forward does not wait to be done by perfect men.
If your determination is fixed, I do not counsel you to despair. Few things are impossible to diligence and skill. Great works are performed not by strength, but perseverance.
We should therefore claim, in the name of tolerance, the right not to tolerate the intolerant.
Your greatness is measured by your kindness; your education and intellect by your modesty; your ignorance is betrayed by your suspicions and prejudices, and your real caliber is measured by the consideration and tolerance you have for others.
Failure after long perseverance is much grander than never to have a striving good enough to be called a failure.
It is better to suffer wrong than to do it, and happier to be sometimes cheated than not to trust.
The healthiest competition occurs when average people win by putting above average effort.
For the strength of the Pack is the Wolf, and the strength of the Wolf is the Pack.
That you may retain your self-respect, it is better to displease the people by doing what you know is right, than to temporarily please them by doing what you know is wrong.
No soul is desolate as long as there is a human being for whom it can feel trust and reverence.
The greatest ability is dependability.
The freedom to be your best means nothing unless you are willing to do your best.
The world can only change from within.
While the spirit of neighborliness was important on the frontier because neighbors were so few, it is even more important now because our neighbors are so many.
A resolute determination is the truest wisdom.
What I would like to give my daughter is freedom. And this is something that must be given by example, not by exhortation.
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the whole community and as long as I live, it is my privilege to do for it whatever I can. I want to be thoroughly used up when I die, for the harder I work the more I live.
Victory belongs to the most persevering.
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another.
If you're trying to achieve, there will be road blocks. I've had them; everybody has had them. But obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
Animals don't hate, and we're supposed to be better than them.
Never consider the possibility of failure; as long as you persist, you will be successful.
We cannot live only for ourselves. A thousand fibers connect us with our fellow men.
In ordinary life we hardly realize that we receive a great deal more than we give, and that it is only with gratitude that life becomes rich.
There are other measures of self-respect for a man, than the number of clean shirts he puts on every day.
I can accept failure, but I can't accept not trying.
We live by our genius for hope; we survive by our talent for dispensing with it.
There's much to be said for challenging fate instead of ducking behind it.
The strongest bond of human sympathy outside the family relation should be one uniting working people of all nations and tongues and kindreds.
The essence of optimism is that it takes no account of the present, but it is a source of inspiration, of vitality and hope where others have resigned; it enables a man to hold his head high, to claim the future for himself and not to abandon it to his enemy.
Character wants room; must not be crowded on by persons, nor be judged from glimpses got in the press of affairs, or on few occasions. It needs perspective, as a great building.
I have missed more than 9,000 shots in my career. I have lost almost 300 games. On 26 occasions I have been entrusted to take the game winning shot...and I missed. I have failed over and over and over again in my life. And thats precisely why I succeed.
Your soul...is a dark forest. But the trees are of a particular species, they are genealogical trees.
It is a grand thing to rise in the world. The ambition to do so is the very salt of the earth. It is the parent of all enterprise, and the cause of all improvement.
Community means strength that joins our strength to do the work that needs to be done. Arms to hold us when we falter. A circle of healing. A circle of friends. Someplace where we can be free.
The courage to imagine the otherwise is our greatest resource, adding color and suspense to all our life.
Character is higher than intellect. Thinking is the function. Living is the functionary. The stream retreats to its source. A great soul will be strong to live, as well as strong to think.
We must exchange the philosophy of excuse -- what I am is beyond my control -- for the philosophy of responsibility.
A powerful idea communicates some of its strength to him who challenges it.
It takes a noble man to plant a seed for a tree that will some day give shade to people he may never meet.
The good we secure for ourselves is precarious and uncertain until it is secured for all of us and incorporated into our common life.
In the final analysis, there is no other solution to a man's problems but the day's honest work, the day's honest decisions, the day's generous utterance, and the day's good deed.
What lies behind us, and what lies before us are but tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Success or failure depends more upon attitude than upon capacity...successful men act as though they have accomplished or are enjoying something. Soon it becomes reality. Act, look, feel successful, conduct yourself accordingly, and you will be amazed at the positive results.
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy -- they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
What is permissible is not always honorable.
When our eyes see our hands doing the work of our hearts, the circle of Creation is completed inside us, the doors of our souls fly open and love steps forth to heal everything in sight.
Laughter is the shortest distance between two people.
In the matter of religion, people eagerly fasten their eyes on the difference between their own creed and yours; whilst the charm of the study is in finding the agreements and identities in all the religions of humanity.
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.
Even a toad has four ounces of strength.
No one can whistle a symphony. It takes a whole orchestra to play it.
Knowing trees, I understand the meaning of patience. Knowing grass, I can appreciate persistence.
Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you.
A little less hypocrisy and a little more tolerance towards oneself can only have good results in respect for our neighbor; for we are all too prone to transfer to our fellows the injustice and violence we inflict upon our own natures.
Loving parents have caring children.
Friendship improves happiness and abates misery, by the doubling of our joy and the dividing of our grief.
One piece of log creates a small fire, adequate to warm you up, add just a few more pieces to blast an immense bonfire, large enough to warm up your entire circle of friends; needless to say that individuality counts but team work dynamites.
There are two ways of meeting difficulties. You alter the difficulties or you alter yourself to meet them.
Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart. Those who look outside, dream. Those who looks inside, awaken.
If you wish your merit to be known, acknowledge that of other people.
People without firmness of character love to make up a fate for themselves; that relieves them of the necessity of having their own will and of taking responsibility for themselves.
No man is an island, entire of itself; every man is a piece of the continent.
Whatever we possess becomes of double value when we have the opportunity of sharing it with others.
To understand all is to forgive all.
Worrying is like a rocking chair, it gives you something to do, but it gets you nowhere.
If you can't have faith in what is held up to you for faith, you must find things to believe in yourself, for a life without faith in something is too narrow a space to live.
The best lightning rod for your protection is your own spine.
Humility provides everyone, even him who despairs in solitude, with the strongest relationship to his fellow man, and this immediately, though, of course, only in the case of complete and permanent humility.
If you have much, give of your wealth; if you have little, give of your heart.
There's a difference between interest and commitment. When you're interested in doing something, you do it only when circumstance permit. When you're committed to something, you accept no excuses, only results.
Sticks in a bundle are unbreakable.
I know you've heard it a thousand times before. But it's true -- hard work pays off. If you want to be good, you have to practice, practice, practice. If you don't love something, then don't do it.
By imposing too great a responsibility, or rather, all responsibility, on yourself, you crush yourself.
When eating bamboo sprouts, remember the man who planted them.
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.
None of us is as smart as all of us.
There are worse crimes than burning books. One of them is not reading them.
In the uttermost meaning of the words, thought is devout, and devotion is thought. Deep calls unto deep.
Feet, why do I need them if I have wings to fly?
They are not poor that have little, but they that desire much. The richest man, whatever his lot, is the one who's content with his lot.
The miracle, or the power, that elevates the few is to be found in their industry, application, and perseverance under the prompting of a brave, determined spirit.
It is amazing how much you can accomplish when it doesn't matter who gets the credit.
If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant; if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome.
I do not wish to treat friendships daintily, but with the roughest courage. When they are real, they are not glass threads or frost-work, but the solidest thing we know.
Toughness is in the soul and spirit, not in muscles.
If you can't reward then you should thank.
Loyalty to petrified opinions never yet broke a chain or freed a human soul in this world -- and never will.
There is overwhelming evidence that the higher the level of self-esteem, the more likely one will be to treat others with respect, kindness, and generosity.
A friend is a person with whom I may be sincere. Before him, I may think aloud.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadow.
If there is no wind, row.
There can be no defense like elaborate courtesy.
Scientists study the world how it is now, but engineers take a paint brush and create a world that has never been before.
Our chief want in life, is, someone who shall make us do what we can. This is the service of a friend. With him we are easily great.
Slander cannot destroy an honest man when the flood recedes the rock is there.
Forgiveness is the fragrance the violet sheds on the heel that has crushed it.
Count no day lost in which you waited your turn, took only your share and sought advantage over no one.
The reward of a thing well done, is to have done it.
Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature... Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.
Be honorable yourself if you wish to associate with honorable people.
Kites rise highest against the wind, not with it.
We must meet the challenge rather than wish it were not before us.
It is one of the most beautiful compensations of life, that no man can sincerely try to help another without helping himself.
I am only one, but still I am one. I cannot do everything, but still I can do something; and because I cannot do everything, I will not refuse to do something that I can do.
Arrogance invites ruin; humility receives benefits.
My kind of loyalty was loyalty to one's country, not to...its office holders.
Nobody trips over mountains. It is the small pebble that causes you to stumble. Pass all the pebbles in your path and you will find that you have crossed the mountain.
It's the constant and determined effort that breaks down all resistance, sweeps away all obstacles.
Let not the tie be mercenary, though the service is measured in money. Make yourself necessary to somebody. Do not make life hard to any.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement.
When helping others, do not look for a reward; if you are looking for rewards, don't help others.
Independence is loyalty to one's best self and principles, and this is often disloyalty to the general idols and fetishes.
Sacrifices are concerned with the feelings of devotion and longing.
This insight, which expresses itself by what is called Imagination, is a very high sort of seeing.
Your success and happiness lies in you. Resolve to keep happy, and your joy, and you shall form an invincible host against difficulties.
When you were born, you cried and the world rejoiced. Live your life in such a manner that when you die, the world cries and you rejoice.
A habit cannot be tossed out the window; it must be coaxed down the stairs a step at a time.
There is always the danger that we may just do the work for the sake of the work. This is where the respect and the love and the devotion come in -- that we do it to God, to Christ, and that's why we try to do it as beautifully as possible.
If I could I would always work in silence and obscurity, and let my efforts be known by their results.
Although the world is full of suffering, it's full also of the overcoming it.
The three qualities necessary for training: Great faith. Great doubt. Great effort.
I learned that landscape by drawing it, and I came to care for it with a lover's devotion.
Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same.
Learning is a treasure that will follow its owner everywhere.
Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example.
I really owe everything to my parents and their devotion and drive to see to it that their children had the education which led to the opportunities that they never were able to have.
Character may be manifested in the great moments, but it is made in the small ones.
To finish the moment, to find the journey's end in every step of the road, to live the greatest number of good hours, is wisdom...Since our office is with moments, let us husband them.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched, they must be felt with the heart.
He who is afraid to ask is ashamed of learning.
It were not best that we should all think alike; it is difference of opinion that makes horse races.
Choose to chance the rapids and dare to dance the skies.
The magnanimous know very well that they who give time, or money, or shelter, to the stranger -- so it be done for love, and not for ostentation -- do, as it were, put God under obligation to them, so perfect are the compensations of the universe.
Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much.
Listen not merely to what is said but to the tone of voice in which it is said.
My humanity is bound up in yours, for we can only be human together.
An imagination is a powerful tool. It can tint memories of the past, shade perceptions of the present, or paint a future so vivid that it can entice...or terrify, all depending upon how we conduct ourselves today.
I still miss those I loved who are no longer with me but I find I am grateful for having loved them. The gratitude has finally conquered the loss.
Open the doors of opportunity to talent and virtue and they will do themselves justice.
And children whose backgrounds have stunted their sense of the future need to be taught by example that they are good for more than they dared dream.
If a wind blows, ride it!
To love someone deeply gives you strength. Being loved by someone deeply gives you courage.
Frequently people think compassion and love are merely sentimental. No! They are very demanding. If you are going to be compassionate, be prepared for action.
Creativity comes from trust. Trust your instincts. And never hope more than you work.
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.
To him who is determined it remains only to act.
Opportunities multiply as they are seized.
Although we are in different boats you in your boat and we in our canoe we share the same river of life.
Live so that when your children think of fairness and integrity, they think of you.
Life is unnecessarily long. Moments of insight, of fine personal relation, a smile, a glance -- what ample borrowers of eternity they are!
A man may die, nations may rise and fall, but an idea lives on.
Don't let slip an opportunity; it may never come again.
Be careful what you water your dreams with. Water them with worry and fear and you will produce weeds that choke the life from your dream. Water them with optimism and solutions and you will cultivate success.
Difference is of the essence of humanity. Difference is an accident of birth and it should therefore never be the source of hatred or conflict. The answer to difference is to respect it. Therein lies a most fundamental principle of peace: respect for diversity.
Obstinacy in a bad cause is but constancy in a good.
Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other.
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
At bottom every man knows well enough that he is a unique being, only once on this earth; and by no extraordinary chance will such a marvelously picturesque piece of diversity in unity as he is, ever be put together a second time.
In the confrontation between the stream and the rock, the stream always wins -- not through strength but by perseverance.
Belief consists in accepting the affirmations of the soul; unbelief, in denying them.
With time and patience the mulberry leaf becomes a silk gown.
Loyalty and devotion lead to bravery. Bravery leads to the spirit of self-sacrifice. The spirit of self-sacrifice creates trust in the power of love.
[People] may be said to resemble not the bricks of which a house is built, but the pieces of a picture puzzle, each differing in shape, but matching the rest, and thus bringing out the picture.
Rough diamonds may sometimes be mistaken for worthless pebbles.
A handfull of patience is worth a bushel of brains.
You are as young as your faith, as old as your doubt; as young as your self-confidence, as old as your fear, as young as your hope, as old as your despair.
We have become not a melting pot but a beautiful mosaic. Different people, different beliefs, different yearnings, different hopes, different dreams.
Always do what you are afraid to do.
There are those who look at things the way they are, and ask why... I dream of things that never were, and ask why not?
Lack of patience in small matters can create havoc in great ones.
Cancer can take away all of my physical abilities. It cannot touch my mind, it cannot touch my heart, and it cannot touch my soul. And those three things are going to carry on forever.
If you believe in yourself and have dedication and pride -- and never quit, you'll be a winner. The price of victory is high but so are the rewards.
Trust men and they will be true to you; treat them greatly and they will show themselves great.
Pray not for easy lives, pray to be stronger men.
He who knows patience knows peace.
Time is too slow for those who wait, too swift for those who fear, too long for those who grieve, too short for those who rejoice, but for those who love, time is eternity.
Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second. Give your dreams all you've got and you'll be amazed at the energy that comes out of you.
In a mood of faith and hope my work goes on. A ream of fresh paper lies on my desk waiting for the next book. I am a writer and I take up my pen to write.
Man was born rich, or inevitably grows rich by the use of his faculties; by the union of thought with nature.
If we cannot now end our differences, at least we can help made the world safe for diversity.
Patience: To wait with certainity; the art of allowing life to carry you.
Happiness is inward, and not outward; and so, it does not depend on what we have, but on what we are.
No horse gets anywhere until he is harnessed. No stream or gas drives anything until it is confined. No Niagara is ever turned into light and power until it is tunneled. No life ever grows great until it is focused, dedicated, disciplined.
To serve is beautiful, but only if it is done with joy and a whole heart and a free mind.
The highest vocation we can have is Love. Love in action is service.
The unity of freedom has never relied on uniformity of opinion.
One may go a long way after one is tired.
What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything?
Listening to someone talk isn't at all like listening to their words played over on a machine. What you hear when you have a face before you is never what you hear when you have before you a winding tape.
The wave of the future is not the conquest of the world by a single dogmatic creed but the liberation of the diverse energies of free nations and free men.
The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together.
Hard work spotlights the character of people: some turn up their sleeves, some turn up their noses, and some don't turn up at all.
The life I touch for good or ill will touch another life, and that in turn another, until who knows where the trembling stops or in what far place my touch will be felt.
Relationships of trust depend on our willingness to look not only to our own interests, but also the interests of others.
Believe in yourself and there will come a day when others will have no choice but to believe with you.
Persistence can grind an iron beam down into a needle.
Be clearly aware of the stars and infinity on high. Then life seems almost enchanted after all.
To forgive is the highest, most beautiful form of love. In return, you will receive untold peace and happiness.
When a person is down in the world, an ounce of help is better than a pound of preaching.
I believe that man will not merely endure: he will prevail. He is immortal, not because he alone among creatures has an inexhaustible voice, but because he has a soul, a spirit capable of compassion and sacrifice and endurance.
Prepare the umbrella before it rains.
Sincere forgiveness isn't colored with expectations that the other person apologize or change. Don't worry whether or not they finally understand you. Love them and release them. Life feeds back truth to people in its own way and time
A good heart is better than all the heads in the world.
We all need to know what it means to be honest. Honesty is more than not lying. It is truth telling, truth speaking, truth living, and truth loving.
He who wants a rose must respect the thorn.
Arise, awake, and stop not until the goal is achieved.
Without forgiveness, there's no future.
You have a clean slate every day you wake up. You have a chance every single morning to make that change and be the person you want to be. You just have to decide to do it. Decide today's the day. Say it; This is going to be my day.
Success seems to be largely a matter of hanging on after others let go.
We must develop and maintain the capacity to forgive. He who is devoid of the power to forgive is devoid of the power to love. There is some good in the worst of us and some evil in the best of us.
If you want to be respected, you must respect yourself.
Success flourishes only in perseverance--ceaseless, restless perseverance.
No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.
Manners are of more importance than laws. Manners are what vex or soothe, corrupt or purify, exalt or debase, barbarize or refine us, by a constant, steady, uniform, insensible operation, like that of the air we breathe in.
I fear no one, but I respect everyone.
Forgiveness is not an occasional act: it is an attitude.
The young should be treated with respect.
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.
There is no end. There is no beginning. There is only the infinite passion of life.
One may be old in years, but not in spirit, or poor in wealth, but not in ambition.
The most beautiful discovery true friends make is that they can grow separately without growing apart.
When bad men combine, the good must associate; else they will fall, one by one, an unpitied sacrifice in a contemptible struggle.
Set your expectations high; find men and women whose integrity and values you respect; get their agreement on a course of action; and give them your ultimate trust.
Man has responsibility, not power.
The reason most people never reach their goals is that they don't define them, learn about them, or even seriously consider them as believable or achievable.
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.
The words of kindness are more healing to a drooping heart than balm or honey.
Life's most urgent question is: What are you doing for others?
By learning you will teach, by teaching you will learn.
Success is almost totally dependent upon drive and persistence. The extra energy required to make another effort or try another approach is the secret of winning.
We all need friends with whom we can speak of our deepest concerns, and who do not fear to speak the truth in love to us.
Greatness is more than potential. It is the execution of that potential. Beyond the raw talent. You need the appropriate training. You need the discipline. You need the inspiration. You need the drive.
Nobody has ever measured, not even poets, how much the heart can hold.
If you lose hope, somehow you lose the vitality that keeps life moving, you lose that courage to be, that quality that helps you go on in spite of it all.
Personal example carries more weight than preaching.
If a child is to keep alive his inborn sense of wonder, he needs the companionship of at least one adult who can share it, rediscovering with him the joy, excitement and mystery of the world we live in.
Dare to be honest and fear no labor.
Action is character.
Hatred paralyzes life; love releases it. Hatred confuses life; love harmonizes it. Hatred darkens life; love illumines it.
When two are of one mind, their strength can cut gold.
To carry a grudge is like being stung to death by one bee.
What is a friend? A single soul dwelling in two bodies.
Vitality shows in not only the ability to persist but the ability to start over.
Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree.
It is an equal failing to trust everybody, and to trust nobody.
Courtesy is the one coin you can never have too much of or be stingy with.
Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around.
One must always hope when one is desperate, and doubt when one hopes.
Unity is power.
Greatness is not found in possessions, power, position, or prestige. It is discovered in goodness, humility, service, and character.
The hardest arithmetic to master is that which enables us to count our blessings.
Most of us, swimming against the tides of trouble the world knows nothing about, need only a bit of praise or encouragement -- and we will make the goal.
I have a dream that my four children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character.
Variety is the spice of life.
You measure the size of the accomplishment by the obstacles you had to overcome to reach your goals!
The Pilgrims made seven times more graves than huts. No Americans have been more impoverished than these who, nevertheless, set aside a day of thanksgiving.
I have a very strong feeling that the opposite of love is not hate -- it's apathy.
By the work one knows the workman.
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.
At twenty-five I should have worn a big red A on my chest; it would have stood for ambition, an ambition so brazen and burning that it would have reduced Hester Prynne's transgression to pale pink.
Any man's life will be filled with constant and unexpected encouragement if he makes up his mind to do his level best each day.
Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul.
If human beings are perceived as potentials rather than problems, as possessing strengths instead of weaknesses, as unlimited rather that dull and unresponsive, then they thrive and grow to their capabilities.
Patience and time do more than strength or passion.
Our children need our presence, not our presents.
The deepest craving of human nature is the need to be appreciated.
Giving frees us from the familiar territory of our own needs by opening our mind to the unexplained worlds occupied by the needs of others.
It is the small doubts of timid souls that accomplish their ruin. It is the narrow vision, the fear and trembling hesitation, that constitute defeat.
Ideas are only lethal if you suppress and don't discuss them. Ignorance is not bliss, it's stupid. Banning books shows you don't trust your kids to think and you don't trust yourself to be able to talk to them.
I hope I shall possess firmness and virtue enough to maintain what I consider the most enviable of all titles, the character of an honest man.
God gave you a gift of 86,400 seconds today. Have you used one to say 'thank you?'
Forgiveness is man's deepest need and highest achievement.
We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools.
Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is the little voice at the end of the day that says I'll try again tomorrow.
Labor to keep alive in your breast that little spark of celestial fire called conscience.
Gratitude is the memory of the heart.
The question "Who am I?" is not a philosophical football meant to be kicked around coffeehouses by pseudo-intellectuals. It's a real-life question. Nothing is more important and more relevant than to know who you are.
Much of the success of life depends upon keeping one's mind open to opportunity and seizing it when it comes.
Our loyalties must transcend our race, our tribe, our class, and our nation; and this means we must develop a world perspective.
Those who can adapt to change are those who will continue to grow.
Not what we say about our blessings, but how we use them, is the true measure of our thanksgiving.
Optimism is the foundation of courage.
You can easily judge the character of others by how they treat those who can do nothing for them or to them.
A blessed thing it is for any man or woman to have a friend, one human soul whom we can trust utterly, who knows the best and worst of us, and who loves us in spite of all our faults.
Achievement of your happiness is the only moral purpose of your life, and that happiness, not pain or mindless self-indulgence, is the proof of your moral integrity, since it is the proof and the result of your loyalty to the achievement of your values.
Character is doing the right thing when nobody's looking. There are too many people who think that the only thing that's right is to get by, and the only thing that's wrong is to get caught.
Gratitude is happiness double by wonder.
I have spread my dreams under your feet; Tread softly because you tread on my dreams.
Diamonds are nothing more than chunks of coal that stuck to their jobs.
The very least you can do in your life is to figure out what you hope for. And the most you can do is live inside that hope.
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
The wise person understands that his own happiness must include the happiness of others.
A man is not idle because he is absorbed in thought. There is a visible labor and there is an invisible labor.
The longer I live, the more I am certain that the great difference between the great and the insignificant, is energy-invincible determination-a purpose once fixed, and then death or victory.
There is joy in work. There is no happiness except in the realization that we have accomplished something.
I always prefer to believe the best of everybody-it saves so much trouble.
From the smallest necessity to the highest religious abstraction, from the wheel to the skyscraper, everything we are and everything we have comes from one attribute of man -- the function of his reasoning mind.
The love of our neighbor in all its fullness simply means being able to say, What are you going through?
I don't wait for moods. You accomplish nothing if you do that. Your mind must know it has got to get down to work.
Life is a series of experiences, each one of which makes us bigger, even though it is hard to realize this. For the world was built to develop character, and we must learn that the setbacks and griefs which we endure help us in our marching onward.
I will speak to a youth which can accomplish everything, precisely because it accepts no past, obeys no present, and fears no future.
The purpose of morality is to teach you, not to suffer and die, but to enjoy yourself and live.
If you can't excel with talent, triumph with effort.
Never work just for money or for power. They won't save your soul or help you sleep at night.
Great opportunities to help others seldom come, but small ones surround us every day.
Money matters, but less than we think and not in the way we think. Family is important. So are friends. Envy is toxic. So is excessive thinking. Beaches are optional. Trust is not. Neither is gratitude.
Careers, like rockets, don't always take off on schedule. The key is to keep working the engines.
In the depths of winter I finally learned there was in me an invincible summer.
One of the greatest discoveries a man makes, one of his great surprises, is to find he can do what he was afraid he couldn't do.
When you have established that one alternative is good and the other is evil, there is no justification for the choice of a mixture. There is no justification ever for choosing any part of what you know to be evil.
Our happiness is completely and utterly intertwined with other people: family, friends, neighbors and the woman who you hardly notice who cleans your office.
Imagine what a harmonious world it could be if every single person, both young and old, shared a little of what he is good at doing.
Integrity has no need of rules.
Nobody can think straight who does not work. Idleness warps the mind.
Some people think only intellect counts: knowing how to solve problems, knowing how to get by, knowing how to identify an advantage and seize it. But the functions of intellect are insufficient without courage, love, friendship, compassion and empathy.
They had that special grace, that special spirit that says, Give me a challenge and I'll meet it with joy.
An essential part of a happy, healthy life is being of service to others.
The brain may take advice, but not the heart, and love having no geography, knows no boundaries: weight and sink it deep, no matter, it will rise and find the surface.
To do more for the world than the world does for you -- that is success.
To succeed, we must first believe that we can.
There is more learning in the question itself than the answer.
You will rise by lifting others.
In the end the aggressors always destroy themselves, making way for others who know how to cooperate and get along. Life is much less a competitive struggle for survival than a triumph of cooperation and creativity.
Time and money spent in helping people to do more for themselves is far better than mere giving.
Honor isn't about making the right choices. It's about dealing with the consequences.
Once you choose hope, anything is possible.
Do all the good you can, by all the means you can, in all the ways you can, in all the places you can, at all the times you can, to all the people you can, as long as ever you can.
We are prone to judge success by the index of our salaries or the size of our automobiles, rather than by the quality of our service and relationship to humanity.
A man without a purpose is like a ship without a rudder.
Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is probably the reason why so few engage in it.
Learn to get in touch with the silence within yourself, and know that everything in life has purpose. There are no mistakes, no coincidences. All events are blessings given to us to learn from.
So many of our dreams at first seem impossible, then they seem improbable, and then when we summon the will, they soon become inevitable.
It is very easy to forgive others their mistakes; it takes more grit and gumption to forgive them for having witnessed your own.
I have found the paradox that if I love until it hurts, then there is no hurt, but only more love.
Blessed is he who has found his work; let him ask no other blessedness.
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do.
Old age is not a disease -- it is strength and survivorship, triumph over all kinds of vicissitudes and disappointments, trials and illnesses.
I think a hero is an ordinary individual who finds strength to persevere and endure in spite of overwhelming obstacles.
There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul.
If you want happiness for an hour, take a nap. If you want happiness for a day, go fishing. If you want happiness for a year, inherit a fortune. If you want happiness for a lifetime, help somebody.
Permanence, perseverance and persistence in spite of all obstacles, discouragements, and impossibilities: It is this that in all things distinguishes the strong soul from the weak.
Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently.
Caring about others, running the risk of feeling, and leaving an impact on people, brings happiness.
The most basic and powerful way to connect to another person is to listen. Just listen. Perhaps the most important thing we ever give each other is our attention...A loving silence often has far more power to heal and to connect than the most well-intentioned words.
Maybe the Fountain of Youth isn't a fountain at all. Maybe it's a way of looking at things. A way of thinking.
Believe, when you are most unhappy, that there is something for you to do in the world. So long as you can sweeten another's pain, life is not in vain.
A mystic bond of brotherhood makes all men one.
Whether you think that you can, or that you can't, you are usually right.
It's the most breathtakingly ironic things about living: the fact that we are all...alone. Singular. And yet what we seek -- what saves us -- is our connection to others.
We cannot really love anybody with whom we never laugh.
Friendship marks a life even more deeply than love. Love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing.
Condemn none: if you can stretch out a helping hand, do so. If you cannot, fold your hands, bless your brothers, and let them go their own way.
Our grand duty is not to see what lies dimly in the distance, but to do what lies clearly at hand.
Only connect.
I do not at all understand the mystery of grace -- only that it meets us where we are but does not leave us where it found us.
Humor brings insight and tolerance. Irony brings a deeper and less friendly understanding.
I don't believe in aging. I believe in forever altering one's aspect to the sun. Hence my optimism.
A laugh is a smile that bursts.
One must be fond of people and trust them if one is not to make a mess of life.
Promise yourself to be just as enthusiastic about the success of others as you are about your own.
Depend upon yourself. Make your judgement trustworthy by trusting it. You can develop good judgement as you do the muscles of your body -- by judicious, daily exercise. To be known as a man of sound judgement will be much in your favor.
Pleasure is Nature's test, her sign of approval. When man is happy, he is in harmony with himself and his environment.
Humility does not mean thinking less of yourself than of other people, nor does it mean having a low opinion of your own gifts. It means freedom from thinking about yourself at all.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
The fact is we can only love what we know personally. And we cannot know much. In public affairs, in the rebuilding of civilization, something less dramatic and emotional is needed, namely tolerance.
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person's determination.
They learn tolerance for others' faults through our tolerance of their own.
Ordinary riches can be stolen, real riches cannot. In your soul are infinitely precious things that cannot be taken from you.
It is well to remember that the entire population of the universe, with one trifling exception, is composed of others.
Are you bored with life? Then throw yourself into some work you believe in with all your heart, live for it, die for it, and you will find happiness that you had thought could never be yours.
Love and respect are the most important aspects of parenting, and of all relationships.
The great virtue in life is real courage that knows how to face facts and live beyond them.
I beg you to have patience with everything unresolved in your heart and try to love the questions themselves...Don't search for the answers, which could not be given to you now...the point is, to live everything. Live the questions now.
We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures.
What kills a skunk is the publicity it gives itself.
To me it seems that to give happiness is a far nobler goal that to attain it: and that what we exist for is much more a matter of relations to others than a matter of individual progress: much more a matter of helping others to heaven than of getting there ourselves.
Compassion is not sentiment but is making justice and doing works of mercy. Compassion is not a moral commandment but a flow and overflow of the fullest human and divine energies.
The only rule is, do what you really, impulsively, wish to do. But always act on your own responsibility, sincerely. And have the courage of your own strong emotion.
For one human being to love another: that is perhaps the most difficult of our tasks; the ultimate, the last test and proof, the work for which all other work is but preparation.
Hope, like faith, is nothing if it is not courageous; it is nothing if it is not ridiculous.
Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are.
How far you go in life depends on you being tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving and tolerant of the weak and the strong. Because someday in life you will have been all of these.
The whole art of teaching is only the art of awakening the natural curiosity of young minds for the purpose of satisfying it afterwards.
All men dream, but not equally. Those who dream by night in the dusty recesses of their minds, wake in the day to find that it was vanity: but the dreamers of the day are dangerous men, for they may act on their dreams with open eyes, to make them possible.
To achieve the impossible, it is precisely the unthinkable that must be thought.
I have always depended on the kindness of strangers.
We are all worms, but I do believe I am a glowworm.
I feel the capacity to care is the thing which gives life its deepest significance.
Make hatred hated!
Give children at least as many chances to show compassion as they have to be competitive.
Inspire and bring joy to all those you touch.
Blushing is the color of virtue.
How wonderful that no one need wait a single moment to improve the world.
As great scientists have said and as all children know, it is above all by the imagination that we achieve perception, and compassion, and hope.
If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no. If you don't step forward, you're always in the same place.
Good words bring good feelings to the heart. Speak with kindness, always.
No one should be ashamed to admit they are wrong, which is but saying, in other words, that they are wiser today than they were yesterday.
We think too much and feel too little. More than machinery, we need humanity. More than cleverness, we need kindness and gentleness.
In spite of everything I still believe that people are really good at heart. I simply can't build up my hopes on a foundation consisting of confusion, misery and death.
It is good to have an end to journey toward; but it is the journey that matters, in the end.
I believe that every right implies a responsibility; every opportunity an obligation; every possession a duty.
Change what you can change and acknowledge and accept what you can't.
Humility is the only true wisdom by which we prepare our minds for all the possible changes of life.
Parents can only give good advice or put [their children] on the right path, but the final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands.
I do not think there is any other quality so essential to success of any kind as the quality of perseverance. It overcomes almost everything, even nature.
To appreciate the balance in life, you have to lose it every now and then.
Humility is like underwear; essential, but indecent if it shows.
We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same.
The Greatest Investment we can ever make is to invest our life in the life of someone else.
If you think you're too small to have an impact, try going to bed with a mosquito in the room.
You can't change your past, and your future has not happened. Focus your energy on enjoying the moment you are living right now.
True merit, like a river, the deeper it is, the less noise it makes.
Service to a just cause rewards the worker with more real happiness and satisfaction than any other venture of life.
Ambition beats genius 99 percent of the time.
Lead your life so you wouldn't be ashamed to sell the family parrot to the town gossip.
I choose to believe I can and will change the world with my words and thoughts.
Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and attended to with diligence.
Love is a special word, and I use it only when I mean it. You say the word too much and it becomes cheap.
Personality can open doors, but only character can keep them open.
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
Weakness is nothing more than an opportunity to grow.
To understand is to forgive, even oneself.
Love one another and you will be happy. It's as simple and as difficult as that.
We are like pieces in a jigsaw puzzle. We are all unique, and have our own special place in the puzzle of the universe. Without each of us, the puzzle is incomplete.
We learn by example and by direct experience because there are real limits to the adequacy of verbal instruction.
Little, vicious minds abound with anger and revenge, and are incapable of feeling the pleasure of forgiving their enemies.
Be slow in choosing a friend, slower in changing.
When we no longer hold people responsible for their choices, civility and common sense will be diminished.
Whoever renders service to many puts himself in line for greatness -- great wealth, great return, great satisfaction, great reputation, and great joy.
For those who have seen the Earth from space, and for the hundreds and perhaps thousands more who will, the experience most certainly changes your perspective. The things that we share in our world are far more valuable than those which divide us.
The most important thing in communication is to hear what isn't being said.
The aim of life is appreciation; there is no sense in not appreciating things; and there is no sense in having more of them if you have less appreciation of them.
I will speak ill of no man, and speak all the good I know of everybody.
Commitment, by its nature, frees us from ourselves and, while it stands us in opposition to some, it joins us with others similarly committed. Commitment moves us from the mirror trap of the self absorbed with the self to the freedom of a community of shared values.
What you love is a sign from your higher self of what you are to do.
Anyone can hate. It costs to love.
Listen. Do not have an opinion while you listen because frankly, your opinion doesn't hold much water outside of Your Universe. Just listen. Listen until their brain has been twisted like a dripping towel and what they have to say is all over the floor.
I would maintain that thanks are the highest form of thought, and that gratitude is happiness doubled by wonder.
A house is not a home unless it contains food and fire for the mind as well as the body.
You always pass failure on the way to success.
From every human being there rises a light that reaches straight to heaven. And when two souls that are destined to be together find each other, their streams of light flow together, and a single brighter light goes forth from their united being.
The way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost.
Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art...It has no survival value; rather is one of those things that give value to survival.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Loyalty means nothing unless it has at its heart the absolute principle of self-sacrifice.
Remember not only to say the right thing in the right place, but far more difficult still, to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment.
Friendship is born at that moment when one person says to another: What! You, too? I thought I was the only one.
The mind has exactly the same power as the hands: not merely to grasp the world, but to change it.
At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet.
To make the right choices in life, you have to get in touch with your soul. To do this, you need to experience solitude, which most people are afraid of, because in the silence you hear the truth and know the solutions.
I was always looking outside myself for strength and confidence but it comes from within. It is there all the time.
Experience: that most brutal of teachers. But you learn, my God do you learn.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
You'll discover that real love is millions of miles past falling in love with anyone or anything. When you make that one effort to feel compassion instead of blame or self-blame, the heart opens again and continues opening.
If you have an important point to make, don't try to be subtle or clever. Use a pile driver. Hit the point once. Then come back and hit it again. Then hit it a third time -- a tremendous whack.
Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.
You only live once -- but if you work it right, once is enough.
To educate a man in mind and not in morals is to educate a menace to society.
You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand.
The only guide to a man is his conscience.
Love and work are the cornerstones of our humanness.
Life is too deep for words, so don't try to describe it, just live it.
Whenever you are asked if you can do a job, tell 'em, 'Certainly I can!' Then get busy and find out how to do it.
Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough.
Trouble is part of your life -- if you don't share it, you don't give the person who loves you a chance to love you enough.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Life was given to us to be an intentional event; Make it so!
With great power comes great responsibility.
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You must do the thing you think you cannot do.
The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.
We are, each of us angels with only one wing; and we can only fly by embracing one another.
Never, never, never give up.
Every man is said to have his peculiar ambition. Whether it be true or not, I can say for one that I have no other so great as that of being truly esteemed of my fellow men.
Courtesy is as much a mark of a gentleman as courage.
A hundred years from now it will not matter what my bank account was, the sort of house I lived in, or the kind of car I drove... but the world may be different because I was important in the life of a child.
Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence.
Character is like a tree and reputation like a shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing.
Friendship among nations, as among individuals, calls for constructive efforts to muster the forces of humanity in order that an atmosphere of close understanding and cooperation may be cultivated.
Commitment unlocks the doors of imagination, allows vision, and gives us the right stuff to turn our dream into reality.
Let your love be like the misty rains, coming softly, but flooding the river.
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.
Teachers: two kinds: the kind that fill you with so much quail shot that you can't move and the kind that just give you a little prod from behind and you jump to the skies.
You have confidence in yourself, which is valuable, if not an indispensable quality.
Friendship with oneself is all-important, because without it one cannot be friends with anyone else in the world.
Happiness is itself a kind of gratitude.
Love must be as much a light, as it is a flame.
We make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give.
This is the art of courage: to see things as they are and still believe that the victory lies not with those who avoid the bad, but those who taste, in living awareness, every drop of the good.
Many people will walk in and out of your life but only true friends will leave footprints in your heart.
Success is never final, failure is never fatal. It's courage that counts.
Most important in a friendship? Tolerance and loyalty
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
An invincible determination can accomplish almost anything and in this lies the great distinction between great men and little men.
I am a slow walker, but I never walk backwards.
Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.
Success is peace of mind which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you did your best to become the best you are capable of becoming.
You can buy a person's hands but you can't buy his heart. His heart is where his enthusiasm, his loyalty is.
If you're going through hell, keep going.
He that would have the fruit must climb the tree.
Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them?
Freedom from effort in the present merely means that there has been effort stored up in the past.
Consider the rights of others before your own feelings, and the feelings of others before your own rights.
When you're part of a team, you stand up for your teammates. Your loyalty is to them. You protect them through good and bad, because they'd do the same for you.
The price of greatness is responsibility.
Honest men fear neither the light nor the dark.
Let not him who is houseless pull down the house of another; but let him labor diligently and build one for himself, thus by example assuring that his own shall be safe from violence when built.
Liberty requires opportunity to make a living -- a living decent according to the standard of the time, a living which gives a man not only enough to live by, but something to live for.
Do not let making a living prevent you from making a life.
Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier.
In our daily lives, we must see that it is not happiness that makes us grateful, but the gratefulness that makes us happy.
People should think things out fresh and not just accept conventional terms and the conventional way of doing things.
The power of hope upon human exertion, and happiness, is wonderful.
Respect a man, and he will do all the more.
Be thou the rainbow in the storms of life. The evening beam that smiles the clouds away, and tints tomorrow with prophetic ray.
The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible.
You have to do your own growing no matter how tall your grandfather was.
I could not, at any age, be content to take my place by the fireside and simply look on. Life was meant to be lived. Curiosity must be kept alive. One must never, for whatever reason, turn his back on life.
Some people go to priests; others to poetry; I to my friends.
Do not anticipate trouble, or worry about what may never happen. Keep in the sunlight.
Where the determination is, the way can be found.
A pessimist, they say, sees a glass as being half empty; an optimist sees the same glass as half full. But a giving person sees a glass of water and starts looking for someone who might be thirsty.
I do not think much of a man who is not wiser today than he was yesterday.
If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something.
If you do not tell the truth about yourself you cannot tell it about other people.
Every experience is a stitch in the fabric of your character.
Integrity is what we say, what we do, and what we say we do.
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
An optimist is a man who starts a crossword puzzle with a fountain pen.
Courtesies of a small and trivial character are the ones which strike deepest in the grateful and appreciating heart.
Your own resolution to success is more important than any other one thing.
When you cease to make a contribution, you begin to die.
No person ever ended his eyesight by looking on the bright side.
Leaders who win the respect of others are the ones who deliver more than they promise, not the ones who promise more than they can deliver.
Satisfaction lies in the effort, not in the attainment; full effort is full victory.
Whatever you are, be a good one.
Nothing in the world is worth having or worth doing unless it means effort, pain, difficulty... I have never in my life envied a human being who led an easy life. I have envied a great many people who led diffcult lives and led them well.
Throw back the shoulders, let the heart sing, let the eyes flash, let the mind be lifted up, look upward and say to yourself ... nothing is impossible!
Honor lies in honest toil.
I claim to be an average man of less than average ability. I have not the shadow of a doubt that any man or woman can achieve what I have, if he or she would make the same effort and cultivate the same hope and faith.
I think the authors of that notable instrument [the Declaration of Independence] intended to include all men.
In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing. The worst thing you can do is nothing.
Early in life I had to choose between honest arrogance and hypocritical humility. I chose honest arrogance and have seen no occasion to change.
The average pencil is seven inches long, with just a half-inch eraser-in case you thought optimism was dead.
There's only one way to succeed in anything, and that is to give it everything.
What we have to do... is to find a way to celebrate our diversity and debate our differences without fracturing our communities.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
You don't have to preach honesty to men with creative purpose. Let a human being throw the engines of his soul into the making of something, and the instinct of workmanship will take care of his honesty.
Competition has been shown to be useful up to a certain point and no further, but cooperation, which is the thing we must strive for today, begins where competition leaves off.
I know the price of success: dedication, hard work, and an unremitting devotion to the things you want to see happen.
Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow.
We need to empower our people so they can take more responsibility for their own lives in a world that is ever smaller, where everyone counts...We need a new spirit of community, a sense that we are all in this together...
Where there is love there is life.
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.
We must be willing to learn the lesson that cooperation may imply compromise, but if it brings a world advance it is a gain for each individual nation.
Can't, never tried.
Action is a great restorer and builder of confidence. Inaction is not only the result, but the cause, of fear. Perhaps the action you take will be successful; perhaps different action or adjustments will have to follow. But any action is better than no action at all.
I'd rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not.
Power is of two kinds. One is obtained by the fear of punishment and the other by acts of love. Power based on love is a thousand times more effective and permanent then the one derived from fear of punishment.
Love is a non-possessive delight in the particularity of the other.
An honest man nearly always thinks justly.
The truth is more important than the facts.
First thing every morning before you arise say out loud, 'I believe,' three times.
There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure.
We must become the change we want to see in the world.
A man can be as great as he wants to be. If you believe in yourself and have the courage, the determination, the dedication, the competitive drive and if you are willing to sacrifice the little things in life and pay the price for the things that are worth
It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.
Life's blows cannot break a person whose spirit is warmed at the fire of enthusiasm.
Nobody's a natural. You work hard to get good and then work to get better. It's hard to stay on top.
Non-cooperation with evil is as much a duty as is cooperation with good.
Once a man has made a commitment to a way of life, he puts the greatest strength in the world behind him. It's something we call heart power. Once a man has made this commitment, nothing will stop him short of success.
Compassion for myself is the most powerful healer of them all.
Honest hearts produce honest actions.
Drop the idea that you are Atlas carrying the world on your shoulders. The world would go on even without you. Don't take yourself so seriously.
Tolerance implies a respect for another person, not because he is wrong or even because he is right, but because he is human.
The quality of a person's life is in direct proportion to their commitment to excellence, regardless of their chosen field of endeavor.
I think there is choice possible at any moment to us, as long as we live. But there is no sacrifice. There is a choice, and the rest falls away. Second choice does not exist. Beware of those who talk about sacrifice.
There never were, in the world, two opinions alike, no more than two hairs, or two grains; the most universal quality is diversity.
It's always too early to quit.
Mind is all that counts. You can be whatever you make up your mind to be.
When restraint and courtesy are added to strength, the latter becomes irresistible.
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.
Quality is never an accident; it is always the result of intelligent effort.
Besides the noble art of getting things done, there is the noble art of leaving things undone. The wisdom of life consists in the elimination of non-essentials.
Imagination is the true magic carpet.
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out.
You will find that the mere resolve not to be useless, and the honest desire to help other people, will, in the quickest and delicatest ways, improve yourself.
Do not follow the ideas of others, but learn to listen to the voice within yourself. Your body and mind will become clear and you will realize the unity of all things.
Stand up to your obstacles and do something about them. You will find that they haven't half the strength you think they have.
Determination and perseverance move the world; thinking that others will do it for you is a sure way to fail.
You can't shake hands with a clenched fist.
Individual commitment to a group effort -- that is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work.
To make your children capable of honesty is the beginning of education.
The most important persuasion tool you have in your entire arsenal is integrity.
One of the greatest moments in anybody's developing experience is when he no longer tries to hide from himself but determines to get acquainted with himself as he really is.
True friendship is like sound health, the value of it is seldom known until it be lost.
I do not want my house to be walled in on all sides and my windows to be stifled. I want all the cultures of all lands to be blown about my house as freely as possible. But I refuse to be blown off my feet by any.
I believe the first test of a truly great man is his humility.
Face your deficiencies and acknowledge them; but do not let them master you. Let them teach you patience, sweetness, insight... When we do the best we can, we never know what miracle is wrought in our life, or in the life of another.
There's a magical tie to the land of our home, which the heart cannot break, though the footsteps may roam.
Consciously or unconsciously, every one of us does render some service or other. If we cultivate the habit of doing this service deliberately, our desire for service will steadily grow stronger, and will make, not only our own happiness, but that of the world at large.
Kind hearts are the gardens, Kind thoughts are the roots, Kind words are the flowers, Kind deeds are the fruits, Take care of your garden And keep out the weeds, Fill it with sunshine, Kind words, and Kind deeds.
Ethics is in origin the art of recommending to others the sacrifices required for cooperation with oneself.
Nothing that has ever been thought and said with a clear mind and pure ethical strength is totally in vain; even if it comes from a weak hand and is imperfectly formed, it inspires the ethical spirit to constantly renewed creation.
The practice of patience toward one another, the overlooking of one another's defects, and the bearing of one another's burdens is the most elementary condition of all human and social activity in the family, in the professions, and in society.
Listening to people keeps them entertained.
Fear grows out of the things we think; it lives in our minds. Compassion grows out of the things we are, and lives in our hearts.
Intelligence and courtesy not always are combined; Often in a wooden house a golden room we find.
What we don't need to know for achievement, we need to know for our pleasure. Knowing how things work is the basis for appreciation, and is thus a source of civilized delight.
Today is a gift. That's why it's called the present.
Have courage for the great sorrows of life and patience for the small ones; and when you have laboriously accomplished your daily task, go to sleep in peace. God is awake.
Opportunity knocks, but doesn't always answer to its name.
Trusting your intuition means tuning in as deeply as you can to the energy you feel, following that energy moment to moment, trusting that it will lead you where you want to go and bring you everything you desire.
The heights by great men reached and kept were not attained by sudden flight, but they while their companions slept, were toiling upward in the night.
Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.
It's a poor frog who doesn't praise its own pond.
Learn to relax. Your body is precious, as it houses your mind and spirit. Inner peace begins with a relaxed body.
Mistrust makes life difficult. Trust makes it risky.
Perseverance is a great element of success. If you knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.
Let nothing disturb thee; Let nothing dismay thee; All thing pass; God never changes. Patience attains All that it strives for. He who has God Finds he lacks nothing:God alone suffices.
All growth depends upon activity. There is no development physically or intellectually without effort, and effort means work.
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.
It takes less time to do things right than to explain why you did it wrong.
I feel that the greatest reward for doing is the opportunity to do more.
In life you can make your own decisions or let other people make those decisions for you. Being Above The Influence is about staying true to yourself, and not letting people pressure you into being less than you. So be yourself.
If I had permitted my failures, or what seemed to me at the time a lack of success, to discourage me I cannot see any way in which I would ever have made progress.
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. It's not.
For his heart was in his work, and the heart giveth grace unto every art.
Good parents give their children Roots and Wings. Roots to know where home is, Wings to fly away and exercise what's been taught them.
Don't try too hard to fit in; you were born to stand out.
Be who you are and say what you feel, because in the end those who matter don't mind and those who mind don't matter.
If we could read the secret history of our enemies, we would find in each person's life sorrow and suffering enough to disarm all hostility.
Sometimes even to live is an act of courage.
Character is that which reveals moral purpose, exposing the class of things a man chooses and avoids.
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
The right thing to do never requires any subterfuge; it is always simple and direct.
I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, It's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope. Which is what I do, And that enables you to laugh at life's realities.
Dreams and dedication are a powerful combination.
Nothing happens unless first a dream.
A man's character is his fate.
Don't let the fear of the time it will take to accomplish something stand in the way of your doing it. The time will pass anyway; we might just as well put that passing time to the best possible use.
The true test of a person's character is how they treat the people in life that they don't need.
Friendship is always a sweet responsibility; never an opportunity.
We are all in the process of becoming.
Theres no reason to be the richest man in the cemetery. You can't do any business from there.
What you do when you don't have to will determine what you will be when you can't help it.
Look at a stone cutter hammering away at his rock, perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred-and-first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not the last blow that did it, but all that had gone before.
When a family is free of abuse and oppression, it can be the place where we share our deepest secrets and stand the most exposed, a place where we learn to feel distinct without being 'better,' and sacrifice for others without losing ourselves.
Yesterday is but a dream, and tomorrow is only a vision, but today well lived makes every yesterday a dream of happiness and every tomorrow a vision of hope.
Poetry is not only dream and vision; it is the skeleton architecture of our lives. It lays the foundations for a future of change, a bridge across our fears of what has never been before.
The deepest...dream is not the hunger for money or fame; it is the dream of settling down, in peace and freedom and cooperation.
Smooth seas do not make skillful sailors.
Appreciation can make a day, even change a life. Your willingness to put it into words is all that is necessary.
Work is love made visible. And if you cannot work with joy but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work and sit at the gate of the temple, and take alms from them who work with joy.
The sharing of joy, whether physical, emotional, psychic, or intellectual, forms a bridge between the sharers which can be the basis for understanding much of what is not shared between them, and lessens the threat of their difference.
Character is the basis of happiness and happiness the sanction of character.
Be not diverted from your duty by any idle reflections the silly world may make upon you, for their censures are not in your power and should not be at all your concerns.
Age wrinkles the body. Quitting wrinkles the soul.
Life is an adventure in forgiveness.
If the other person injures you, you may forget the injury; but if you injure him you will always remember.
Friendship is almost always the union of a part of one mind with a part of another: People are friends in spots.
A tree is known by its fruit; a man by his deeds. A good deed is never lost; he who sows courtesy reaps friendship, and he who plants kindness gathers love.
The flower that follows the sun does so even in cloudy days.
Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls; the most massive characters are seared with scars.
You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction.
Even the wisest mind has something yet to learn.
I have never been hurt by anything I didn't say.
Respect for the fragility and importance of an individual life is still the mark of an educated man.
Its better to be hated for what you are then to be loved for something your not.
We are not retreating. We are advancing in another direction.
It takes patience to appreciate domestic bliss; volatile spirits prefer unhappiness.
Teach this triple truth to all: A generous heart, kind speech, and a life of service and compassion are the things that renew humanity.
Probably no greater honor can come to any man than the respect of his colleagues.
If we were logical, the future would be bleak indeed. But we are more than logical. We are human beings, and we have faith, and we have hope.
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.
There is no security on this earth; there is only opportunity.
Nothing so much enhances a good as to make sacrifices for it.
Begin with the end in mind.
If you want your children to improve, let them overhear the nice things you say about them to others.
The soldier, above all other men, is required to perform the highest act of religious teaching -- sacrifice.
Man is made by his belief. As he believes, so he is.
Courage is not the towering oak that see storms come and go; it is the fragile blossom that opens in the snow.
Original love never appears in pure form, but in manifold veils and shapes, such as confidence, humility, reverence, serenity, as faithfulness and modesty, as gratefulness...
Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more.
If we keep doing what we're doing, we're going to keep getting what we're getting.
We look forward to the time when the power to love will replace the love of power. Then will our world know the blessing of peace.
It's right to be contented with what we have, never with what we are.
I believe life is a series of near misses. A lot of what we ascribe to luck is not luck at all. It's seizing the day and accepting responsibility for your future. It's seeing what other people don't see. And pursuing that vision.
Respect yourself most of all.
The greatest use of life is to spend it for something that will outlast it.
Doing more things faster is no substitute for doing the right things.
Love is the harmony of two souls singing together.
In republics, the great danger is that the majority may not sufficiently respect the rights of the minority.
Love is the most difficult and dangerous form of courage. Courage is the most desperate, admirable and noble kind of love.
Courage is the first of human qualities because it is the quality which guarantees the others.
It is discouraging how many people are shocked by honesty and how few by deceit.
Just trust yourself, then you will know how to live.
The circulation of confidence is better than the circulation of money.
As far as men go, it is not what they are that interests me, but what they can become.
No one has yet computed how many imaginary triumphs are silently celebrated by people each year to keep up their courage.
Be curious, not judgmental.
Listening, not imitation, may be the sincerest form of flattery.
To me, sadness is great! Without it we could not appriciate true happiness.
There is a courtesy of the heart; it is allied to love. From it springs the purest courtesy in the outward behavior.
Equal laws protecting equal rights...the best guarantee of loyalty and love of country.
He is courageous who endures and fears the right thing, for the right motive, in the right way and at the right times.
Behold I do not give lectures or a little charity, When I give I give myself.
Continuous effort not strength or intelligence is the key to unlocking our potential.
You may be deceived if you trust too much, but you will live in torment if you don't trust enough.
Correction does much, but encouragement does more.
Your life is an occasion; rise to it.
The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it.
Stand up for what you believe in-even if it means standing alone.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine -- and shadows will fall behind you.
I love you not because of who you are, but because of who I am when I am with you.
When we treat man as he is, we make him worse than he is; when we treat him as if he already were what he potentially could be, we make him what he should be.
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions.
Until he extends his circle of compassion to include all living things, man will not himself find peace.
Never be afraid to try something new. Remember: An amateur built the Ark--professionals built the Titanic.
Outstanding leaders go out of their way to boost the self-esteem of their personnel. If people believe in themselves, it's amazing what they can accomplish.
Mere human beings can't afford to be fanatical about anything. Not even about justice or loyalty...If we are to survive on this planet, there must be compromises.
Treat people as if they were what they ought to be, and you help them to become what they are capable of being.
Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game.
The confidence which we have in ourselves gives birth to much of that which we have in others.
Take hope from the heart of man and you make him a beast of prey.
Every passing minute is another chance to turn it all around.
A leaf that is supposed to grow is full of wrinkles and creases before it develops; if one doesn't have the patience and wants the leaf to be as smooth as a willow leaf from the start, then there is a problem.
We must have the courage to bet on our ideas, to take the calculated risk, and to act. Everyday living requires courage if life is to be effective and bring happiness.
At times our own light goes out and is rekindled by a spark from another person. Each of us has cause to think with deep gratitude of those who have lighted the flame within us.
We will either find a way, or make one.
Put all excuses aside and remember this: YOU are capable.
Note how good you feel after you have encouraged someone else. No other argument is necessary to suggest that never miss the opportunity to give encouragement.
We do not believe in ourselves until someone reveals that deep inside us something is valuable, worth listening to, worthy of our trust, sacred to our touch. Once we believe in ourselves we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight or any experience
Whatever you can do or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it.
Every child should have a caring adult in their lives. And that's not always a biological parent or family member. It may be a friend or neighbor. Often times it is a teacher.
Wherever a man turns he can find someone who needs him.
I cannot lead you into battle. I do not give you laws or administer justice but I can do something else-I can give my heart and my devotion to these old islands and to all the peoples of our brotherhood of nations.
If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too. If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others.
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
Tolerance should really be only a temporary attitude; it must lead to recognition.
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination.
Example is not the main thing in influencing others. It is the only thing.
There is no greater calling than to serve your fellow men. There is no greater contribution than to help the weak. There is no greater satisfaction than to have done it well.
Great difficulties may be surmounted by patience and perseverance.
Life is not easy for any of us. But what of that? We must have perseverance and above all confidence in ourselves. We must believe that we are gifted for something and that this thing must be attained.
If a good person does you wrong, act as though you had not noticed it. They will make note of this and not remain in your debt long.
For to be free is not merely to cast off one's chains, but to live in a way that respects and enhances the freedom of others.
The height of your accomplishments will equal the depth of your convictions.
The spirited horse, which will try to win the race of its own accord, will run even faster if encouraged.
As my mother says, 'You give back, you don't give up.' You can always choose to help others. If you do, it will change you.
Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish.
Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.
What does not kill me makes me stronger.
I always felt that the great high privilege, relief and comfort of friendship was that one had to explain nothing.
I will not be labeled as average.
Words have the power to both destroy and heal. When words are both true and kind, they can change our world.
When we share -- that is poetry in the prose of life.
If Virtue and Knowledge are diffused among the People, they will never be enslav'd. This will be their great Security.
Laughing together heartily at the same thing forms an instant bond.
We can most safely achieve truly universal tolerance when we respect that which is characteristic in the individual and in nations, clinging, though, to the conviction that the truly meritorious is unique by belonging to all of mankind.
How many of us have enough trust, strength, and faith to believe that we could do the impossible?
What actions are most excellent? To gladden the heart of a human being, to feed the hungry, to help the afflicted, to lighten the sorrow of the sorrowful, and to remove the wrongs of the injured.
Shared joy is a double joy; shared sorrow is half sorrow.
There is no such thing as a 'self-made' man. We are made up of thousands of others. Everyone who has ever done a kind deed for us, or spoken one word of encouragement to us, has entered into the make-up of our character and of our thoughts, as well as our success.
A love affair with knowledge will never end in heartbreak.
I have this theory that if one person can go out of their way to show compassion, then it will start a chain reaction of the same. People will never know how far a little kindness can go.
Appreciation is a wonderful thing. It makes what is excellent in others belong to us as well.
An unshared life is not living. He who shares does not lessen, but greatens, his life.
Devotion, when it does not lie under the check of reason, is apt to degenerate into enthusiasm.
Obstacles cannot crush me. Every obstacle yields to stern resolve. He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind.
I'll take fifty percent efficiency to get one hundred percent loyalty.
Gratitude is the most exquisite form of courtesy.
Compassion is the greatest form of love humans have to offer.
A mother is a person who seeing there are only four pieces of pie for five people, promptly announces she never did care for pie.
It is only imperfection that complains of what is imperfect. The more perfect we are, the more gentle and quiet we become towards the defects of others.
Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit.
The crest and crowning of all good, Life's final star, is Brotherhood.
I will put honesty before the risk of humiliation.
He who forgives ends the quarrel.
Those who bring sunshine into the lives of others, cannot keep it from themselves.
The great essentials for happiness in this life are something to do, something to love and something to hope for.
To decide, to be at the level of choice, is to take responsibility for your life and to be in control of your life.
Fame is a vapor, popularity an accident, riches take wings. Only one thing endures and that is character.
Good timber does not grow with ease; the stronger the wind, the stronger the trees.
Tomorrow is not a promise, but a chance.
Forgive many things in others; nothing in yourself.
What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity.
Without a sense of caring, there can be no sense of community.
It is impossible to go through life without trust: that is to be imprisoned in the worst cell of all, oneself.
Morale is the state of mind. It is steadfastness and courage and hope. It is confidence and zeal and loyalty. It is lan, esprit de corps and determination.
Trust and honesty is an investment you put in people.
Forgive, son; men are men; they needs must err.
Life is the soul's nursery.
Our real blessings often appear to us in the shape of pains, losses and disappointments; but let us have patience and we soon shall see them in their proper figures.
Never let your persistence and passion turn into stubbornness and ignorance.
Libraries are reservoirs of strength, grace and wit, reminders of order, calm and continuity, lakes of mental energy, neither warm nor cold, light nor dark. The pleasure they give is steady, unorgastic, reliable, deep and long-lasting.
Let us not be content to wait and see what will happen, but give us the determination to make the right things happen.
I admire those who trust and are trustworthy.
Friendship is love with understanding.
The soul was never put in the body to stand still.
There is a courage of happiness as well as a courage of sorrow.
Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine.
You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take.
What if you gave someone a gift, and they neglected to thank you for it -- would you be likely to give them another? Life is the same way. In order to attract more of the blessings that life has to offer, you must truly appreciate what you already have.
One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood.
Consult your friend on all things, especially on those which respect yourself. His counsel may then be useful where your own self-love might impair your judgment.
Give yourself the gift of time in coming to answers for your lifeIt takes time, and a lot of introspection and soul-searching, to get clear about what you really want to manifest in your life.
The hero is one who kindles a great light in the world, who sets up blazing torches in the dark streets of life for men to see by. The saint is the man who walks through the dark paths of the world, himself a light.
Progress in every age results only from the fact that there are some men and women who refuse to believe that what they know to be right cannot be done.
Maybe being grateful means recognizing what you have for what it is. Appreciating small victories. Admiring the struggle it takes to simply be human...At the end of the day, the fact that we have the courage to still be standing is reason enough to celebrate.
Let go of your attachment to being right, and suddenly your mind is more open. You're able to benefit from the unique viewpoints of others, without being crippled by your own judgment.
Have no friends not equal to yourself.
True achievement in any sphere of action depends upon real ability, and a strong, deep, whole-souled love.
The purpose of learning is growth, and our minds, unlike our bodies, can continue growing as we continue to live.
We need not think alike to love alike.
Faith, a gift from God, is one of the most powerful forces governing our universe, just as the unseen power of gravity works to pull all things down, the unseen power of faith works to lifts all things up.
You have many choices. You can choose forgiveness over revenge, joy over despair. You can choose action over apathy.
Virtue is bold, and goodness never fearful.
A friend is someone who reached for your hand and touched your heart.
A smile is a light in the window of the soul indicating that the heart is at home.
To all those who walk the path of human cooperation war must appear loathsome and inhuman.
If you want to better yourself, better your fellow being. If you want to feel the richness and warmth of unfailing love, give it. If you want to make a difference and leave your world a better place, let others know how important they are as you put their needs above yours.
Any necessary work that pays an honest wage carries its own honor and dignity.
The most fortunate are those who have a wonderful capacity to appreciate again and again, freshly and naively, the basic goods of life, with awe, pleasure, wonder, and even ecstasy.
Alack, when once our grace we have forgot, Nothing goes right; we would, and we would not.
Gratitude is the sign of noble souls.
Hard work and togetherness. They go hand in hand. You need the hard work because it's such a tough atmosphere... to win week in and week out. You need togetherness because you don't always win, and you gotta hang though together.
A failure establishes only this, that our determination to succeed was not strong enough.
Attempt the impossible in order to improve your work.
We confirm our reality by sharing.
Derive happiness in oneself from a good day's work, from illuminating the fog that surrounds us.
You have no cause for anything but gratitude and joy.
The key elements in the art of working together are how to deal with change, how to deal with conflict, and how to reach our potential...the needs of the team are best met when we meet the needs of individuals persons.
Like a lump of clay in the hands of the creator, we are forever being molded by life's experiences.
Treat everyone you meet as though they are the most important person you'll meet today.
Hard work doesn't guarantee success, but improves its chances.
Athletes must dig down deep in the heat of competition to win; people must dig down deep in the game of life to succeed. The deeper we dig, the higher we soar.
No legacy is so rich as honesty.
He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has.
I love to hear a choir. I love the humanity...to see the faces of real people devoting themselves to a piece of music. I like the teamwork. It makes me feel optimistic about the human race when I see them cooperating like that.
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning to sail my ship.
Sometimes the situation is only a problem because it is looked at in a certain way. Looked at in another way, the right course of action may be so obvious that the problem no longer exists.
True success is when those who know you the best, love you the most.
Honesty is the best policy. If I lose mine honor, I lose myself.
Let us rise up and be thankful, for if we didn't learn a lot today, at least we learned a little, and if we didn't learn a little, at least we didn't get sick, and if we got sick, at least we didn't die; so, let us all be thankful.
It is only as we develop others that we permanently succeed.
Stay is a charming word in a friend's vocabulary.
An honest man's word is as good as his bond.
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion.
The relationship between commitment and doubt is by no means an antagonistic one. Commitment is healthiest when it's not without doubt but in spite of doubt.
True hope is swift, and flies with swallow's wings: Kings it makes gods, and meaner creatures kings.
The World is full of such wondrous things; we should all be as happy as kings.
Tolerance is the positive and cordial effort to understand another's beliefs, practices, and habits without necessarily sharing or accepting them.
Have regular hours for work and play; make each day both useful and pleasant, and prove that you understand the worth of time by employing it well. Then youth will be delightful, old age will bring few regrets, and life will become a beautiful success.
Nothing great will ever be achieved without great men, and men are great only if they are determined to be so.
The true essence of humankind is kindness. There are other qualities which come from education or knowledge, but it is essential, if one wishes to be a genuine human being and impart satisfying meaning to one's existence, to have a good heart.
In caring I experience the other as having potentialities and the need to grow. In helping the other grow I do not impose my own direction; rather, I allow the direction of the other's growth to guide what I do, to help determine how I am to respond.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
Much effort, much prosperity.
Laws alone can not secure freedom of expression; in order that every man present his views without penalty there must be spirit of tolerance in the entire population.
Our prime purpose in this life is to help others. And if you can't help them, at least don't hurt them.
Make no judgments where you have no compassion.
Success is dependent on effort.
Think for yourselves and let others enjoy the privilege to do so too.
I shall pass this way but once; any good that I can do or any kindness I can show to any human being; let me do it now. Let me not defer nor neglect it, for I shall not pass this way again.
Find the good-and praise it.
If you know you are on the right track, if you have this inner knowledge, then nobody can turn you off... Regardless of what they say.
Thoughts are but dreams till their effects be tried.
If people knew how hard I worked to achieve my mastery, it wouldn't seem so wonderful after all.
The capacity for getting along with our neighbor depends to a large extent on the capacity for getting along with ourselves. The self-respecting individual will try to be as tolerant of his neighbor's shortcomings as he is of his own.
Service to others is the rent you pay for your room here on earth.
We owe each other truth and courtesy -- though truth is sometimes a real constraint and courtesy inconvenient.
Never look down to test the ground before taking your next step; only he who keeps his eye fixed on the far horizon will find the right road.
Opportunity is a bird that never perches.
Be great in act, as you have been in thought.
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.
I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it.
The love in your heart wasn't put there to stay. Love isn't love 'til you give it away.
Courtesy is a silver lining around the dark clouds of civilization; it is the best part of refinement and in many ways, an art of heroic beauty in the vast gallery of man's cruelty and baseness.
How far that little candle throws its beams! So shines a good deed in a naughty world.
Life grants nothing to us mortals without hard work.
In all human affairs there are efforts, and there are results, and the strength of the effort is the measure of the result.
Making money doesn't oblige people to forfeit their honor or their conscience.
If it wasn't hard, everyone would do it. It's the hard that makes it great.
It may take courage to embrace the possibilities of your own potential, but once you've flown past the summit of your fears, nothing will seem impossible.
The robbed that smiles steals something from the thief.
As surely as the acorn becomes the oak tree, the images in your mind become your reality.
The inability to open up to hope is what blocks trust, and blocked trust is the reason for blighted dreams.
Jumping at several small opportunities may get us there more quickly than waiting for one big one to come along.
In giving you are throwing a bridge across the chasm of your solitude.
Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.
The greatest oak was once a little nut that held it's ground.
To be trusted is a greater compliment than to be loved.
Work joyfully and peacefully, knowing that right thoughts and right efforts will inevitably bring about right results.
The one thing that matters is the effort.
Without trust, words become the hollow sound of a wooden gong. With trust, words become life itself.
Invest in the human soul. Who knows, it might be a diamond in the rough.
See first that the design is wise and just; that ascertained, pursue it resolutely.
A human being is only interesting if he's in contact with himself. I learned you have to trust yourself, be what you are, and do what you ought to do the way you should do it. You have got to discover you, what you do, and trust it.
Thankfulness is the beginning of gratitude. Gratitude is the completion of thankfulness. Thankfulness may consist merely of words. Gratitude is shown in acts.
There is no hope of joy except in human relations.
There's no point in burying a hatchet if you're going to put up a marker on the site.
A point of view can be a dangerous luxury when substituted for insight and understanding.
I know of no great men except those who have rendered great service to the human race.
The best way out is always through.
There is no respect for others without humility in one's self.
Love does not consist in gazing at each other, but in looking outward together in the same direction.
The bravest thing you can do when you are not brave is to profess courage and act accordingly.
Never believe that a few caring people can't change the world. For, indeed, that's all who ever have.
The liar's punishment is not in the least that he is not believed, but that he cannot believe anyone else.
The greatest virtues are those which are most useful to other persons.
Life is uncertain. Eat dessert first.
Doing easily what others find difficult is talent; doing what is impossible for talent is genius.
To be a man is...to be responsible. It is to feel shame at the sight of what seems to be unmerited misery. It is to take pride in a victory won by one's comrades. It is to feel, when setting one's stone, that one is contributing to the building of the world.
Those who are lifting the world upward and onward are those who encourage more than criticize.
If we are to achieve a richer culture, rich in contrasting values, we must recognize the whole gamut of human potentialities, and so weave a less arbitrary social fabric, one in which each diverse human gift will find a fitting place.
Every man is guilty of all the good he didn't do.
To love deeply in one direction makes us more loving in all others.
When you expect things to happen -- strangely enough -- they do happen.
It is only with the heart that one sees rightly. What is essential is invisible to the eye.
No friendly hands constructed and placed for his ambition a ladder upon which he might climb. His own brave hands framed and nailed the cleats upon which he climbed to the heights of public usefulness and fame.
We only want that which is given naturally to all peoples of the world, to be masters of our own fate, not of others, and in cooperation and friendship with others.
You see things; and you say Why? But I dream things that never were; and I say Why not?
An honest heart possesses a kingdom.
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Every fool knows you can't touch the stars, but it doesn't stop a wise man from trying.
Have patience with all things, but chiefly have patience with yourself. Do not lose courage in considering your own imperfections, but instantly set about remedying them-every day begin the task anew.
The grand principles of virtue and honor, however they may be distorted by arbitrary codes, are the same the world over: and where these principles are concerned, the right or wrong of any action appears the same to the uncultivated as to the enlightened mind.
You can cheat an honest man but not make a fool out of him.
The world is round, and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning.
We all should know that diversity makes for a rich tapestry, and we must understand that all the threads of the tapestry are equal in value no matter what their color.
Self-esteem is as important to our well-being as legs are to a table. It is essential for physical and mental health and for happiness.
Let us speak, though we show all our faults and weaknesses -- for it is a sign of strength to be weak, to know it, and out with it.
We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future.
The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be.
Those who don't know how to weep with their whole heart don't know how to laugh either.
A bird doesn't sing because it has an answer, it sings because it has a song.
Dream as if you'll live forever. Live as if you'll die today.
A trying journey can only result in a phenomenal blessing.
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.
Life at its noblest leaves mere happiness far behind; and indeed cannnot endure it.... Happiness is not the object of life: life has no object: it is an end in itself; and courage consists in the readiness to sacrifice happiness for an intenser quality of life.
What you don't see with your eyes, don't witness with your mouth.
Good communication is just as stimulating as black coffee, and just as hard to sleep after.
If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can totally transform one million realities.
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
Lying can never save us from another lie.
I have the greatest weapon, I have hope.
If you have an apple and I have an apple and we exchange apples then you and I will still each have one apple. But if you have an idea and I have an idea and we exchange these ideas, then each of us will have two ideas.
The least initial deviation from the truth is multiplied later a thousandfold.
I discovered I always have choices and sometimes it's only a choice of attitude.
I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
You never lose by loving. You always lose by holding back.
Hope is a state of mind, not of the world. Hope, in this deep and powerful sense, is not the same as joy that things are going well, or willingness to invest in enterprises that are obviously heading for success, but rather an ability to work for something because it is good.
Six essential qualities that are the key to success: Sincerity, personal integrity, humility, courtesy, wisdom, charity.
Liberty means responsibility. That is why most men dread it.
The greatest loss of time is delay and expectation, which depend upon the future. We let go the present, which we have in our power, and look forward to that which depends upon chance, and so relinquish a certainty for an uncertainty.
Be bold. If you're going to make an error, make a doozey, and don't be afraid to hit the ball.
It is time for parents to teach young people early on that in diversity there is beauty and there is strength.
A little kindness from person to person is better than a vast love for all humankind.
Hope is definitely not the same thing as optimism. It is not the conviction that something will turn out well, but the certainty that something makes sense, regardless of how it turns out.
Listening is a magnetic and strange thing, a creative force. The friends who listen to us are the ones we move toward. When we are listened to, it creates us, makes us unfold and expand.
A ship in harbor is safe, but that is not what ships are built for.
Wisdom begins in Wonder.
Love the moment, and the energy of that moment will spread beyond all boundaries.
Confrontation should always leave a person's dignity in tact.
The person who makes a success of living is the one who sees his goal steadily and aims for it unswervingly. That is dedication.
The vision must be followed by the venture. It is not enough to stare up the steps -- we must step up the stairs.
Compassion is the keen awareness of the interdependence of all things.
You have two ears and two eyes and only one mouth. Because you will learn twice as much as what you will ever have to say.
The best way to have the last word is to apologize.
I have heard it said that the first ingredient of success -- the earliest spark in the dreaming youth -- is this: Dream a great dream.
A champion is someone who gets up when he can't.
No man, for any considerable period, can wear one face to himself, and another to the multitude, without finally getting bewildered as to which may be true.
Character consists of what you do on the third and fourth tries.
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship.
What really distinguishes this generation in all countries from earlier generations...is its determination to act, its joy in action, the assurance of being able to change things by one's own efforts.
Home is not where, it is whom.
Love is the great miracle cure. Loving ourselves works miracles in our lives.
Always accept good fortune with grace and humility.
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.
The very spring and root of honesty and virtue lie in good education.
Promises are the uniquely human way of ordering the future, making it predictable and reliable to the extent that this is humanly possible.
I never could have done what I have done without the habits of punctuality, order, and diligence, without the determination to concentrate myself on one subject at a time.
Personally I do not resort to force -- not even the force of law -- to advance moral reforms. I prefer education, argument, persuasion, and above all the influence of example.
True strength lies in submission which permits one to dedicate his life, through devotion, to something beyond himself.
Listen to the Musn't's child, Listen to the Don't's. Listen to the Shouldn't's, the Impossibles, the Won't's. Listen to the Never Haves, then Listen close to me. ANYthing can happen, child, ANYthing can Be.
I cannot teach anybody anything. I can only make them think.
Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at 2 or 8. Anyone who keeps learning stays young. The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young.
Reflect upon your present blessings, of which every man has plenty; not on your past misfortunes of which all men have some.
Our strength is a contented and intelligent community.
Go out into the world and do good until there is too much good in the world.
The tears of faithfulness to your beliefs cleanse your spirit to envision the road ahead. Everything is possible for the person who believes.
A man may learn wisdom even from a foe.
Trust each other again and again. When the trust level gets high enough, people transcend apparent limits, discovering new and awesome abilities for which they were previously unaware.
The love of fame is almost another name for the love of excellence; or it is the ambition to attain the highest excellence, sanctioned by the highest authority, that of time.
Example moves the world more than doctrine.
Life's ups and downs provide windows of opportunity to determine your values and goals. Think of using all obstacles as stepping stones.
Learning without thought is labor lost; thought without learning is perilous.
I take nothing for granted. I now have only good days or great days.
Prejudice is the child of ignorance.
What seems nasty, painful, evil, can become a source of beauty, joy, and strength, if faced with an open mind. Every moment is a golden one for him who has the vision to recognize it as such.
To forgive is to set a prisoner free and discover that the prisoner was you.
As long as you live, keep learning how to live.
I believe every human has a finite number of heartbeats. I don't intend to waste any of mine.
It is the greatest of all mistakes to do nothing because you can only do little -- do what you can.
Opinions have greater power than strength of hands.
Pretend that every single person you meet has a sign around his or her neck that says, Make Me Feel Important. Not only will you succeed in sales, you will succeed in life.
Not knowing when the dawn will come, I open every door.
Moral cowardice that keeps us from speaking our minds is as dangerous as irresponsible talk. The right way is not always the popular and easy way. Standing for right when it is unpopular is a true test of moral character.
Life is short, the art long, opportunity fleeting, experiment treacherous, judgment difficult.
From what we get, we can make a living; what we give, however, makes a life.
Character -- the willingness to accept responsibility for one's own life -- is the source from which self-respect springs.
When the power of love overcomes the love of power the world will know peace.
It is not only for what we do that we are held responsible, but also for what we do not do.
When in doubt, do the courageous thing.
One life is all we have and we live it as we believe in living it. But to sacrifice what you are and to live without belief, that is a fate more terrible than dying.
True heroism is remarkably sober, very undramatic. It is not the courage to surpass others at whatever cost, but the courage to serve others at whatever the cost.
If I've got correct goals, and if I keep pursuing them the best way I know how, everything else falls into line. If I do the right thing right, I'm going to succeed.
Remember, if you ever need a helping hand, it's at the end of your arm. As you get older, remember you have another hand: The first is to help yourself, the second is to help others.
Life's a Dance You Learn As You Go!
The grateful person, being still the most severe exacter of himself, not only confesses, but proclaims, his debts.
Break the rules, forgive quickly, kiss slowly, love truely, laugh uncontrollably.
Start by doing what's necessary, then what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible.
When you have a great and difficult task, something perhaps almost impossible, if you only work a little at a time, every day a little, suddenly the work will finish itself.
Dreams and actions are not so different as usually thought, as all actions of men are founded upon dreams, and their end -- is a dream too.
Defeat should never be a source of discouragement, but rather a fresh stimulus.
We cannot wait for the storm to pass over -- we must learn to dance in the rain.
There is not enough darkness in the world to extinguish a single candle flame.
All our dreams can come true; if we have the courage to pursue them.
Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success.
Finding the right work is like discovering your own soul in the world.
The only people with whom you should try to get even are those who have helped you.
Don't tell us the sky is the limit when there are footsteps on the moon.
Power is the ability to do good things for others.
It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit.
One kernel is felt in a hogshead; one drop of water helps to swell the ocean; a spark of fire helps to give light to the world. None are too small, too feeble, too poor to be of service. Think of this and act.
Direction, not intention, determines destination.
Love is all we have, the only way that each can help the other.
To be capable of steady friendship or lasting love, are the two greatest proofs, not only of goodness of heart, but of strength of mind.
Nothing can withstand the power of the human will if it is willing to stake its very existence to the extent of its purpose.
Education comes from within; you get it by struggle and effort and thought.
Do not be conquered by fear of loss or defeat, for without them, success and victory would be meaningless.
Confidence is the result of hours and days and weeks and years of constant work and dedication.
Civilizations should be measured by the degree of diversity attained and the degree of unity retained.
Patience is a necessary ingredient of genius.
Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve.
If we hadn't had such a magnificent optimism to carry us through all these things, we wouldn't be here. We have survived it on our optimism.
One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life: that word is love.
Since nothing we intend is ever faultless, and nothing we attempt ever without error, and nothing we achieve without some measure of finitude and fallibility we call humanness, we are saved by forgiveness.
Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.
Compassion is the antitoxin of the soul: where there is compassion even the most poisonous impulses remain relatively harmless.
To keep from getting to far ahead of myself, I can apply to life what I've learned from running in the woods: The step in front of you is the most important one.
Love wholeheartedly, be surprised, give thanks and praise -- then you will discover the fullness of your life.
Love never says: I have done enough!
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart.
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for the truth.
The greatest weariness comes from work not done.
The peace I am thinking of is the dance of an open mind when it engages another equally open one.
Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning.
What you leave behind is not what is engraved in stone monuments, but what is woven into the lives of others.
Friendship is the finest balm for the pangs of despised love.
Man is only truly great when he acts from the passions.
It is not so much the example of others we imitate as the reflection of ourselves in their eyes and the echo of ourselves in their words.
This was a splendid life. Splendid in its obscurity and humility, splendid in its strength and charity, splendid in its achievements.
...all true fame...is to be acquired only by noble deeds and high achievements and the establishment of a character founded upon the principles of truth, uprightness, and inflexible integrity.
Love your neighbor as yourself.
Nothing is more deceitful than the appearance of humility. It is often only carelessness of opinion, and sometimes an indirect boast.
Much unhappiness comes from walking alone. When there are several, it's somewhat different. I must get into the habit of listening to others, for what the others say concerns me, too.
Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be.
Silent gratitude isn't much use to anyone.
If it is to be, it is up to me.
Respect for right conduct is felt by everybody.
The past is a guidepost, not a hitching post.
To be persuasive we must be believable; to be believable we must be credible; to be credible we must be truthful.
Both optimists and pessimists contribute to our society. The optimist invents the airplane and the pessimist the parachute.
Do, or do not. There is no 'try.'
There is no limit to the amount of good a man can do, as long as he does not care who takes the credit.
Every person in this life has something to teach me--and as soon as I accept that, I open myself to truly listening.
Life is a grindstone. Whether it grinds us down or polishes us up, depends on us.
We live in a wonderful world that is full of beauty, charm and adventure. There is no end to the adventures that we can have if only we seek them with our eyes open.
Only the brave know how to forgive; it is the most refined and generous pitch of virtue human nature can arrive at.
The symbol in Chinese for crisis is made up of two ideographs: one means danger, the other means opportunity. This symbol is a reminder that we can choose to turn a crisis into an opportunity or into a negative experience.
When you start to develop your powers of empathy and imagination, the whole world opens up to you.
Desire is the key to motivation, but it's determination and commitment to an unrelenting pursuit of your goal -- a commitment to excellence -- that will enable you to attain the success you seek.
Every good act is charity. A man's true wealth hereafter is the good that he does in this world to his fellows.
Just living is not enough. One must have sunshine, freedom, and a little flower.
Time always seems long to the child who is waiting -- for Christmas, for next summer, for becoming a grownup: long also when he surrenders his whole soul to each moment of a happy day.
What is uttered from the heart alone, Will win the hearts of others to your own.
To believe in yourself and to follow your dreams, to have goals in life and a drive to succeed, and to surround yourself with the things and the people that make you happy -- this is success!
There's no substitute for rolling up your sleeves and working with the people who can make a difference. They get the benefit of your participation and you gain a direct understanding of the real problems and potential solutions, which makes you a more informed giver.
You can tell a lot about a fellow's character by his way of eating jellybeans.
It is better to be prepared for an opportunity and not have one than to have an opportunity and not be prepared.
Ambition has one heel nailed in well, though she stretch her fingers to touch the heavens.
Great opportunities to help others seldom come, but small ones come daily.
Every tomorrow has two handles. We can take hold of it with the handle of anxiety or the handle of faith.
The happiest business in all the world is that of making friends, And no investment on the street pays larger dividends, For life is more than stocks and bonds, and love than rate percent, And he who gives in friendship's name shall reap what he has.
I simply believe that some part of the human Self or Soul is not subject to the laws of space and time.
Trust your own instinct. Your mistakes might as well be your own, instead of someone else's.
The scholar does not consider gold and jade to be precious treasures, but loyalty and good faith.
In times of great stress or adversity, it's always best to keep busy, to plow your anger and your energy into something positive.
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could only do a little.
A man sooner or later discovers that he is the master-gardener of his soul, the director of his life.
Everybody laughs the same in every language because laughter is a universal connection.
Excellence is an art won by training and habituation. We do not act rightly because we have virtue or excellence, but we rather have those because we have acted rightly. We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act but a habit.
Faith is to believe what you do not yet see; the reward for this faith is to see what you believe.
When I dare to be powerful -- to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.
It is the province of knowledge to speak and it is the privilege of wisdom to listen.
The way you get meaning into your life is to devote yourself to loving others, devote yourself to your community around you, and devote yourself to creating something that gives you purpose and meaning.
All this will not be finished in the first one hundred days. Nor will it be finished in the first one thousand days . . .nor even perhaps in our lifetime on this planet. But let us begin.
The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live.
We have not all had the good fortune to be ladies. We have not all been generals, or poets, or statesmen; but when the toast works down to the babies, we stand on common ground -- for we have all been babies.
Hard work is painful when life is devoid of purpose. But when you live for something greater than yourself and the gratification of your own ego, then hard work becomes a labor of love.
A smile is the light in your window that tells others that there is a caring, sharing person inside.
The friend who holds your hand and says the wrong thing is made of dearer stuff than the one who stays away.
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you.
Getting what you want is not nearly as important as giving what you have.
None of us will ever accomplish anything excellent or commanding except when he listens to this whisper which is heard by him alone.
Once in a young lifetime one should be allowed to have as much sweetness as one can possibly want and hold.
Among the qualities of mind and heart which conduce to worldly success, there is one, the importance of which is more real, and which is generally underrated in our day...It is courtesy.
Learn to limit yourself; to content yourself with some definite work; dare to be what you are and learn to resign with a good grace all that you are not; and to believe in your own individuality.
This is the highest wisdom that I own; freedom and life are earned by those alone who conquer them each day anew.
You can teach a student a lesson for a day; but if you can teach him to learn by creating curiosity, he will continue the learning process as long as he lives.
Whatever I am offered in devotion with a pure heart -- a leaf, a flower, fruit, or water - I accept with joy.
As you put into practice the qualities of patience, punctuality, sincerity, and solicitude, you will have a better opinion of the world around you.
Always hold your head up, but be careful to keep your nose at a friendly level.
I saw the angel in the marble and carved until I set him free.
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself in any direction you choose. You're on your own. And you know what you know. You are the guy who'll decide where to go.
If civilization is to survive, we must cultivate the science of human relationships -- the ability of all peoples, of all kinds, to live together, in the same world at peace.
Do all the good you can, and make as little fuss about it as possible.
Forgiveness is the answer to the child's dream of a miracle by which what is broken is made whole again, what is soiled is made clean again.
We all have our own life to pursue, our own kind of dream to be weaving, and we all have the power to make wishes come true, as long as we keep believing.
One word or a pleasing smile is often enough to raise up a saddened and wounded soul.
Let everyone sweep in front of his own door, and the whole world will be clean.
Do your little bit of good where you are; its those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world.
There is no better exercise for your heart than reaching down and helping to lift someone up.
The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be compassionate, to have it make some difference that you have lived and lived well.
How can we expect our children to know and experience the joy of giving unless we teach them that the greater pleasure in life lies in the art of giving rather than receiving.
How paramount the future is to the present when one is surrounded by children.
Conscience is the root of all true courage; if a man would be brave let him obey his conscience.
A good leader inspires others with confidence in him; a great leader inspires them with confidence in themselves.
The only way you can truly control how you are seen is being honest all the time.
A hunch is creativity trying to tell you something.
The path to our destination is not always a straight one. We go down the wrong road, we get lost, we turn back. Maybe it doesn't matter which road we embark on. Maybe what matters is that we embark.
What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity. These are but trifles, to be sure; but scattered along life's pathway, the good they do is inconceivable.
Our very lives depend on the ethics of strangers, and most of us are always strangers to other people.
Our attitude towards what has happened to us in life is the important thing to recognize. Once hopeless, my life is now hope-full, but it did not happen overnight. The last of human freedoms, to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances, is to choose one's own way.
Since you get more joy out of giving joy to others, you should put a good deal of thought into the happiness that you are able to give.
Snowflakes are one of nature's most fragile things, but just look at what they can do when they stick together.
Every piece of the universe, even the tiniest little snow crystal, matters somehow. I have a place in the pattern, and so do you.
Who is the happiest of men? He who values the merits of others, and in their pleasure takes joy, even as though t'were his own.
Hope is that thing with feathers that perches in the soul and sings the tune without the words and never stops... at all.
Never get tired of doing little things for others. Sometimes, those little things occupy the biggest part of their hearts.
You can move through life seeing nothing as a miracle, or seeing everything as a miracle.
Cheers to a new year and another chance for us to get it right.
Whatever necessity lays upon thee, endure; whatever she commands, do.
We must always have old memories and young hopes.
Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results.
I try to avoid looking forward or backward, and try to keep looking upward.
Manners are a sensitive awareness of the feelings of others. If you have that awareness, you have good manners, no matter which fork you use.
Values are like fingerprints. Nobody's are the same, but you leave 'em all over everything you do.
The greatest and most important problems in life are all in a certain sense insoluble. They can never be solved, but only outgrown.
Nobody is bored when he is trying to make something that is beautiful, or to discover something that is true.
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.
If we are to go forward, we must go back and rediscover those precious values -- that all reality hinges on moral foundations and that all reality has spiritual control.
There is no effect more disproportionate to its cause than the happiness bestowed by a small compliment.
Life be not so short but that there is always time for courtesy.
Treat everyone with politeness, even those who are rude to you -- not because they are nice, but because you are.
Don't let the fear of striking out hold you back.
You were meant to be here. This is your time.
You make each day a special day. You know how, by just your being you.
When you take the time to actually listen, with humility, to what people have to say, it's amazing what you can learn. Especially if the people who are doing the talking also happen to be children.
My mission is to create a world where we can live in harmony with nature.
I can get sad, I can get frustrated, I can get scared, but I never get depressed -- because there's joy in my life.
I'm not concerned with your liking or disliking me -- all I ask is that you respect me as a human being.
If I only had three words of advice, they would be, Tell the Truth. If got three more words, I'd add, all the time.
I've been motivated by overcoming challenge and overcoming the hurdles and obstacles that face me. There still is plenty out there to get motivated by.
I don't dwell on my age. It might limit what I can do. As long as I have my mind and health, it's just a number.
You cannot take good care of a child unless you love the child, you must be part of their life.
When we got home from that race that night, Rick wrote on the computer, 'Dad, when I run it feels like my disability disappears.' So, that was a very powerful message to me.
This fork in the road happens over a hundred times a day, and it's the choices that you make that will determine the shape of your life.
Somebody has to train these kids. Somebody has to teach them, and if not me, who? If not now, when? We must do it. It's got to be done.
There were barriers still, it is true, but barriers that could in time be swept away.
That's one small step for man; one giant leap for mankind.
Never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honor and good sense. Never yield to force; never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy.
Let us touch the dying, the poor, the lonely and the unwanted according to the graces we have received and let us not be ashamed or slow to do the humble work.
I showed the America I knew and observed to others who might not have noticed.
Skating takes up 70 percent of my time, school about 25 percent. Having fun and talking to my friends, 5 percent. It's hard. I envy other kids a lot of things, but I get a guilt trip when I'm not training.
No matter what sort of adversity or challenge you might face, you can always believe that, with hope, it can be conquered and, in the end, you will be stronger for it.
[Regarding dyslexia] I knew I wasn't stupid, and I knew I wasn't dumb...They knew I wasn't lazy, but what was it?
There never was a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
The only person who can really motivate you is you.
I will prepare and some day my chance will come.
People can do whatever they want if they just set their heart to it, and just never give up, and just go out there and do it.
A small body of determined spirits fired by an unquenchable faith in their mission can alter the course of history.
Don't worry when you are not recognized, but strive to be worthy of recognition.
If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success.
Living in dreams of yesterday, we find ourselves still dreaming of impossible future conquests.
Courage is not simply one of the virtues but the form of every virtue at the testing point.
Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I am permitted to hold for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it on to future generations.
Keep on beginning and failing. Each time you fail, start all over again, and you will grow stronger until you have accomplished a purpose ... not the one you began with perhaps, but one you'll be glad to remember.
Happiness is like a butterfly which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
Now and then it's good to pause in our pursuit of happiness and just be happy.
We are the music-makers, and we are the dreamers of dreams. We are the movers and shakers of the world forever, it seems.
I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I just lived the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well.
Real strength is not just a condition of one's muscle, but a tenderness in one's spirit.
The molecules of your body are the same molecules that make up the nebulae, that burn inside the stars themselves. We are star stuff.
Everything will be okay in the end. If it's not okay, it's not the end.
Great ideas...come into the world as gently as doves...if we listen attentively, we shall hear, amid the uproar...a faint flutter of wings, the gentle stirring of life and hope.
We cannot always build the future for our youth, but we can build our youth for the future.
Happiness is not so much in having as sharing. We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
Success is often the result of taking a misstep in the right direction.
We know the truth, not only by the reason, but also by the heart.
Some people try to turn back their odometers. Not me, I want people to know 'why' I look this way. I've traveled a long way and some of the roads weren't paved.
Problems can become opportunities when the right people come together.
I learned that inspiration does not always come like a bolt, nor is it kinetic, energetic, striving, but it comes into us slowly and quietly and all the time.
If you want trust, trust others. If you want respect, respect others. If you want help, help others. If you want love and peace in your life, give them away. If you want great friends, be one. That's how it works.
When we do face the difficult times, we need to remember that circumstances don't make a person, they reveal a person.
Some stories don't have a clear beginning, middle, and end. Life is about not knowing, having to change, taking the moment and making the best of it, without knowing what's going to happen next. Delicious ambiguity...
When you come to the edge of all the light you have, and must take a step into the darkness of the unknown believe that one of two things will happen. Either there will be something solid for you to stand on or you will be taught how to fly.
Let's give the historians something to write about
Ultimately, we have just one moral duty: to reclaim large areas of peace in ourselves, more and more peace, and to reflect it towards others. And the more peace there is in us, the more peace there will be in our troubled world.
While some may see them as the crazy ones, we see genius. Because the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.
What I admire in Columbus is not his having discovered a world, but his having gone to search for it on the faith of his own opinion.
Happiness is not in our circumstances, but in ourselves. It is not something we see, like a rainbow, or feel, like the heat of the fire. Happiness is something we are.
One must care about a world one will not see.
There is one spectacle grander than the sea, that is the sky; there is one spectacle grander than the sky, that is the interior of the soul.
It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it.
...it is not joy that makes us grateful; it is gratitude that makes us joyful.
We can learn nothing except by going from the known to the unknown.
The highest reward for man's toil is not what he gets for it, but what he becomes by it.
Always dream and shoot higher than you know you can do. Don't bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself.
Fear less, hope more; Eat less, chew more; Whine less, breath more; Talk less, say more; Love more, and all good things will be yours!
To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best, day and night, to make you everybody but yourself-means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight-and never stop fighting.
It may be that when we no longer know what to do, we have come to our real work, and when we no longer know which way to go, we have begun our real journey.
To be courageous requires no exceptional qualifications, no magic formula. It's an opportunity that sooner or later is presented to us all and each person must look for that courage in his own soul.
The real voyage of discovery lies not in seeking new lands, but in seeing with new eyes.
What would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail?
We can choose to be affected by the world or we can choose to affect the world.
We have enough people who tell it like it is- now we could use a few who tell it like it can be.
Above all, watch with glittering eyes the whole world around you, because the greatest secrets are always hidden in the most unlikely places. Those who don't believe in magic will never find it.
You cannot be wimpy out there on the dream-seeking trail. Dare to break through barriers, to find your own path.
Whatever the soul knows how to seek, it cannot fail to obtain.
Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting.
Life consists not in holding good cards but in playing those you hold well.
You must never be fearful about what you are doing when it is right.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
Fill each day with life and heart. There is no pleasure in the world comparable to the delight and satisfaction that a good person takes in doing good.
The purpose of life is a life of purpose.
When it rains, most birds head for shelter; the Eagle is the only bird that, in order to avoid the rain, starts flying above the cloud.
We should cultivate the ability to say no to activities for which we have no time, no talent, and which we have no interest or real concern. If we learn to say no to many things, then we will be able to say yes to the things that matter most.
Our task must be to widen our circle of compassion, to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature in its beauty.
I am because you are.
Overcome the notion that you must be regular. It robs you of the chance to be extraordinary.
If you want to build a ship, don't drum up people to collect wood and don't assign them tasks and work, but rather teach them to long for the endless immensity of the sea.
Your journey has molded you for the greater good, and it was exactly what it needed to be. Don't think that you've lost time. It took each and every situation you have encountered to bring you to the now. And now is right on time.
At the heart of each of us, whatever our imperfections, there exists a silent pulse of perfect rhythm, which is absolutely individual and unique, and yet which connects us to everything else.
What we do today, right now, will have an accumulated effect on all our tomorrows.
If the world is to be healed through human efforts, I am convinced it will be by ordinary people, people whose love for this life is even greater than their fear.
The things which are not measurable are more important than those which are measurable.
You can't lead a cavalry charge if you think you look funny on a horse.
A person who has good thoughts cannot ever be ugly. You can have a wonky nose and a crooked mouth and a double chin and stick-out teeth, but if you have good thoughts they will shine out of your face like sunbeams and you will always look lovely.
Life is better because you know more, not just because you have more.
I haven't a clue how my story will end, but that's all right. When you set out on a journey and night covers the road, that's when you discover the stars.
Work and live to serve others, leave the world a little better than you found it and garner for yourself as much peace of mind as you can. This is happiness.
Be sure when you step, step with care and great tact. And remember that life's a great balancing act. And will you succeed? Yes! you will, indeed! (98 and  percent guaranteed). Kid, you'll move mountains.
Normal day, let me be aware of the treasure you are. Let me learn from you, love you, bless you before you depart. Let me not pass you by in the quest of some rare and perfect tomorrow.
Nurture your minds with great thoughts. To believe in the heroic makes heroes.
You see, idealism detached from action is just a dream. But idealism allied with pragmatism, with rolling up your sleeves and making the world bend a bit, is very exciting. It's very real. It's very strong.
When being together is more important than what you do, you are with a friend.
Leap and the net will appear.
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
Success is not just the crowning moment, the spiking of the ball in the end zone or the raising of the flag on the summit. It is the whole process of reaching for a goal and, sometimes, it begins with failure.
The mind determines what's possible. The heart surpasses it.
My hope still is to leave the world a bit better than when I got here.
Many persons have a wrong idea of what constitutes true happiness. It is not attained through self-gratification but through fidelity to a worthy purpose.
It is not given us to live lives of undisrupted calm, boredom, and mediocrity. It is given us to be edge-dwellers.
We know what we are, but know not what we may be.
Don't worry about losing. If it is right, it happens - The main thing is not to hurry. Nothing good gets away.
Life doesn't come with an instruction book. That's why we have fathers.
This I know. This I believe with all my heart. If we want a free and peaceful world, if we want to make deserts bloom and man to grow to greater dignity as a human being we can do it!
When we face the worst that can happen in any situation, we grow. When circumstances are at their worst, we can find our best.
For every beauty there is an eye somewhere to see it. For every truth there is an ear somewhere to hear it. For every love there is a heart somewhere to receive it.
I am not bound to win, but I am bound to be true. I am not bound to succeed, but I am bound to live up to what light I might have.
I don't know what your destiny will be, but one thing I do know: the only ones among you who will be really happy are those who have sought and found how to serve.
I have never been a millionaire. But I have enjoyed a great meal, a crackling fire, a glorious sunset, a walk with a friend, a hug from a child, a cup of soup, a kiss behind the ear. There are plenty of life's tiny delights for all of us.
There comes a time in the spiritual journey when you start making choices from a very different place. And if a choice lines up so that it supports truth, health, happiness, wisdom and love, it's the right choice.
Someday all you'll have to light the way will be a single ray of hope, and that will be enough.
Spirit is like the wind, in that we can't see it but can see its effects, which are profound.
When you cannot make up your mind which of two evenly balanced courses of action you should take, choose the bolder.
I try to learn from the finite, the lessons of the infinite.
The world breaks everyone and afterward many are stronger in the broken places.
I believe that when you realize who you really are, you understand that nothing can stop you from becoming that person.
Do not fear death so much, but rather the inadequate life.
Human culture has always had to exist under the shadow of something infinitely more important than itself. If men had postponed the search for knowledge and beauty until they were secure, the search would never have begun.
Your spark can become a flame and change everything.
Happiness depends more on the inward disposition of mind rather than on outward circumstances.
The roots of all goodness lie in the soil of appreciation for goodness.
The young man and woman with sight see things as they are. The young man and woman with insight, see things as they could be.
What you do speaks so loud that I cannot hear you speak.
Acknowledging a person for the good that they do is good, but not as good as committing to do that same good yourself.
Life is a great and wondrous mystery, and the only thing we know that we have for sure is what is right here right now. Don't miss it.
Every exit is an entry somewhere else. Remember that Columbus was looking for India when he found America.
When you have exhausted all possibilities, remember this: you haven't.
Neither a lofty degree of intelligence nor imagination nor both together go to the making of genius. Love, love, love, that is the soul of genius.
I think the purpose of life is to be useful, responsible, honorable, compassionate. It is, above all, to matter: to count, to stand for something, to have made some difference that you lived at all.
There are those whose lives affect all others around them. Quietly touching one heart, who in turn, touches another. Reaching out to ends further than they would ever know.
When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world.
It takes each of us to make a difference for all of us.
There are good ships and wood ships, ships that sail the sea, but the best ships are friendships, may they always be!
The best day of your life is the one on which you decide your life is your own. No apologies or excuses. No one to lean on, rely on, or blame. The gift of life is yours; it is an amazing journey; and you alone are responsible for the quality of it.
It takes courage for people to listen to their own goodness and act on it.
We are here to add what we can to, not get what we can from, life.
The happiest people are those who discover that what they should be doing and what they are doing are the same thing.
I have heard there are troubles of more than one kind. Some come from ahead and some come from behind. But I've bought a big bat. I'm all ready you see. Now my troubles are going to have troubles with me!
Service is the rent we pay for being. It is the very purpose of life, and not something you do in your spare time.
Motivation is when your dreams put on work clothes.
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says, 'I'm possible'!
History provides abundant examples of people whose greatest gift was in redeeming, inspiring, liberating, and nurturing the gifts of others.
Striving for success without hard work is like trying to harvest where you haven't planted.
To be able to look back upon ones life in satisfaction, is to live twice.
He that embarks on the voyage of life will always wish to advance rather by the impulse of the wind than the strokes of the oar; and many fold in their passage; while they lie waiting for the gale.
The invariable mark of wisdom is to see the miraculous in the common.
It is not the years in your life but the life in your years that counts!
This I do know beyond any reasonable doubt. Regardless of what you are doing, if you pump long enough, hard enough and enthusiastically enough, sooner or later the effort will bring forth the reward.
Chance is always powerful. Let your hook be always cast in the pool where you least expect it; there will be a fish.
Delight in the little things.
I do not know what I may appear to the world; but to myself I seem to have been only like a boy playing at the seashore, and diverting myself now and then finding a smoother pebble or a prettier shell than ordinary, whilst the great ocean of truth lay all undiscovered before me.
Believe that there's light at the end of the tunnel. Believe that you might be that light for someone else.
Love and kindness are never wasted. They always make a difference.
My friends, love is better than anger. Hope is better than fear. Optimism is better than despair. So let us be loving, hopeful and optimistic. And we'll change the world.
A smile is a curve that sets everything straight.
We can live a life full and complete, thinking with our heads but living from our hearts.
Real friends are those who, when you've made a fool of yourself, don't feel that you've done a permanent job.
Either you decide to stay in the shallow end of the pool or you go out in the ocean.
Thanks for showing me that even on the darkest, rainiest days the sun is still there, just behind the clouds, waiting to shine again.
Once we discover how to appreciate the timeless values in our daily experiences, we can enjoy the best things in life.
The true meaning of life is to plant trees, under whose shade you do not expect to sit.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
Greatness is always built on this foundation: the ability to appear, speak and act, as the most common man.
The adventure of life is to learn. The goal of life is to grow. The nature of life is to change. The challenge of life is to overcome. The essence of life is to care. The secret of life is to dare. The beauty of life is to give. The joy of life is to love!
All endings are beginnings, we just don't know it at the time.
If we all did the things we are capable of doing we would literally astound ourselves.
Find life experiences and swallow them whole. Travel. Meet many people. Go down some dead ends and explore dark alleys. Try everything. Exhaust yourself in the glorious pursuit of life.
To be one, to be united is a great thing. But to respect the right to be different is maybe even greater.
Nature never repeats herself, and the possibilities of one human soul will never be found in another.
Some things have to be believed to be seen.
Only in love are unity and duality not in conflict.
The art of being wise is knowing what to overlook.
So act that your principle of action might safely be made law for the whole world.
Enjoy all you have while pursuing all you want.
I believe in the essential unity of all that lives. Therefore, I believe that if one person gains spiritually, the whole world gains, and that if one person falls, the whole world falls to that extent.
To endure is greater than to dare; to tire out the hostile fortune; to be daunted by no difficulty; to keep heart when all have lost it- who can say this is not greatness?
Strong is the soul, kind, and wise, and beautiful.
If something comes to life in others because of you, then you have made an approach to immortality.
Willpower is the key to success. Successful people strive no matter what they feel by applying their will to overcome apathy, doubt or fear.
No soul that aspires can ever fail to rise; no heart that loves can ever be abandoned. Difficulties exist only that in overcoming them we may grow strong, and they who have suffered are able to save.
I don't think about what I have done. I only think of the things I want to do, and I haven't done.
It is the soul's duty to be loyal to its own desires. It must abandon itself to its master passion.
You may encounter many defeats, but you must not be defeated. In fact, it may be necessary to encounter the defeats, so you can know who you are, what you can rise from, how you can still come out of it.
Have the courage of your desire.
In the face of uncertainty there is nothing wrong with hope.
Happiness is always a by-product. You don't make yourself happy by chasing happiness. You make yourself happy by being a good person.
Be strong, go with your heart, and believe in miracles because anything...anything can happen.
I am not afraid... I was born to do this.
We must have a pure, honest, and warm-hearted motivation, and on top of that, determination, optimism, hope, and the ability not to be discouraged. The whole of humanity depends on this motivation.
Follow your instincts. That's where true wisdom manifests itself.
To love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides.
Thanksgiving Day is a jewel, to set in the hearts of honest men; but be careful that you do not take the day, and leave out the gratitude.
An open mind is like an open window. It lets the fresh air in.
To be tested is good. The challenged life may be the best therapist.
Carry out a random act of kindness, with no expectation of reward, safe in the knowledge that one day someone might do the same for you.
Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.
I want to be everybody, and I want to be everything. One life is not enough.
Some men give up their designs when they have almost reached the goal; while others, on the contrary, obtain a victory by exerting, at the last moment, more vigorous efforts than before.
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
The most thoroughly wasted of all days is that on which one has not laughed.
You can do anything if you have enthusiasm. Enthusiasm is the yeast that makes your hopes rise to the stars. With it, there is accomplishment. Without it there are only alibis.
Life is not the way it is supposed to be. It is the way it is. The way you cope with it is what makes the difference.
We have two ears and only one tongue in order that we may hear more and speak less.
Discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody has thought.
People create their own questions because they are afraid to look straight. All you have to do is look straight and see the road, and when you see it, don't sit looking at it-walk.
Just don't give up trying to do what you really want to do. Where there is love and inspiration, I don't think you can go wrong.
Winter is the time for comfort, for good food and warmth, for the touch of a friendly hand and for a talk beside the fire: it is the time for home.
As we struggle with shopping lists and invitations, compounded by December's bad weather, it is good to be reminded that there are people in our lives who are worth this aggravation, and people to whom we are worth the same.
Peace is always beautiful.
May your walls know joy, may every room hold laughter, and every window open to great possibility.
One kind word can warm three winter months.
People are partying, songs are being sung, Sugarplums are dancing, all in holiday fun. Presents are under the tree, reindeer fly high above, peace on earth, goodwill to all, sending joy and love!
Scatter confetti over the floor, sweep an old year out the door!
May the spirit of the season be with you today and throughout the new year!
We will open the book. Its pages are blank. We are going to put words on them ourselves. The book is called Opportunity and its first chapter is New Year's Day.
Tact is the art of building a fire under people without making their blood boil.
Little drops of water wear down big stones.
As is our confidence, so is our capacity.
Keep on going and the chances are you will stumble on something, perhaps when you are least expecting it. I have never heard of anyone stumbling on something sitting down.
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off the goal.
Don't wait for extraordinary circumstance to do good; try to use ordinary situations.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
Never, never be afraid to do what's right, especially if the well-being of a person or animal is at stake. Society's punishments are small compared to the wounds we inflict on our soul when we look the other way.
The happiness of a man in this life does not consist in the absence, but in the mastery, of his passions.
It is not beauty that endears, it's love that makes us see beauty.
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
It is better to fail in a cause that will ultimately succeed than to succeed in a cause that will ultimately fail.
I don't know anything about luck. I've never banked on it, and I'm afraid of people who do. Luck to me is something else; hard work and realizing what is opportunity and what isn't.
It sometimes seems that intense desire creates not only its own opportunities, but its own talents.
Ask the experienced rather than the learned.
I wanted to change the world. But I have found that the only thing one can be sure of changing is oneself.
Nobody grows old by merely living a number of years. People grow old by deserting their ideals. Years may wrinkle the skin, but to give up wrinkles the soul.
A man too busy to take care of his health is like a mechanic too busy to take care of his tools.
Rivers know this: There is no hurry. We shall get there.
It's not the will to win that matters-everyone has that. It's the will to prepare to win that matters.
It is always in the midst, in the epicenter, of your troubles that you find serenity.
As long as there is one upright man, as long as there is one compassionate woman, the contagion may spread and the scene is not desolate. Hope is the one thing left to us in a bad time.
No person was ever honored for what he received. Honor has been the reward for what he gave.
So with imagination, ingenuity and audacity, explore, discover, change the world. And have fun while you're at it. Always take time out to love and to live. You're going to be busy, but never forget family and friends.
At 211 degrees, water is hot. At 212 degrees, it boils. And with boiling water, comes steam. And with steam, you can power a train.
Now is no time to think of what you do not have. Think of what you can do with what there is.
There are only two options regarding commitment. You're either in or out. There's no such thing as a life in-between.
There's something about love that people just have to respond to.
Ask yourself: Have you been kind today? Make kindness your modus operandi and change your world.
I have yet to find the man, however exalted his station, who did not do better work and put forth greater effort under a spirit of approval than under a spirit of criticism.
Surround yourself with the best people you can find, delegate authority, and don't interfere.
To be without some of the things you want is an indispensable part of happiness.
The problems of the world cannot possibly be solved by skeptics or cynics whose horizons are limited by the obvious realities. We need men who can dream of things that never were.
Listen with an open heart and an open mind to those who love you the most. You may hear a grain of truth that will later become the foundation of your entire belief system.
Giving is a universal opportunity. Regardless of your age, profession, religion, income bracket, and background, you have the capacity to create change.
Pain is temporary. It may last a minute, or an hour, or a day, or a year, but eventually it will subside and something else will take its place. If I quit, however, it lasts forever.
No one should negotiate their dreams. Dreams must be free to fly high. No government, no legislature, has a right to limit your dreams. You should never agree to surrender your dreams.
You are educated. Your certification is in your degree. You may think of it as the ticket to the good life. Let me ask you to think of an alternative. Think of it as your ticket to change the world.
Create the highest, grandest vision possible for your life because you become what you believe.
Aim for success, not perfection. Never give up your right to be wrong, because then you will lose the ability to learn new things and move forward with your life.
Ideas are like stars; you will not succeed in touching them with your hands. But like the seafaring man on the desert of waters, you choose them as your guides, and following them you will reach your destiny.
One of the greatest victories you can gain over someone is to beat him at politeness.
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance.
Happiness is a how, not a what; a talent, not an object.
Do you not see how necessary a world of pains and troubles is to school an intelligence and make it a soul?
When a resolute young fellow steps up to the great bully, the world, and takes him boldly by the beard, he is often surprised to find it comes off in his hand, and that it was only tied on to scare away the timid adventurers.
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom.
Draw strength from the knowledge that education will break the backs of poverty, disenfranchisement, and violence; that war is never inevitable but only a terrible failure of the imagination; and that love is stronger than hatred.
Contrary to the clich, genuinely nice guys most often finish first or very near it.
Constant kindness can accomplish much. As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust, and hostility to evaporate.
An ant on the move does more than a dozing ox.
One of the most difficult things everyone has to learn is that for your entire life you must keep fighting and adjusting if you hope to survive. No matter who you are or what your position is you must keep fighting for whatever it is you desire to achieve.
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
Ability is what you are capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.
Dreams are the touchstones of our characters.
Pride slays thanksgiving, but a humble mind is the soil out of which thanks naturally grow. A proud man is seldom a grateful man, for he never thinks he gets as much as he deserves.
It takes tremendous discipline to control the influence, the power you have over other people's lives.
Over every mountain there is a path, although it may not be seen from the valley.
The friend in my adversity I shall always cherish most. I can better trust those who helped to relieve the gloom of my dark hours than those who are so ready to enjoy with me the sunshine of my prosperity.
Patience will achieve more than force.
Often the difference between a successful person and a failure is not one's better abilities or ideas, but the courage that one has to bet on one's ideas, to take a calculated risk- and to act.
Nothing happens to any man that he is not formed by nature to bear.
We do not inherit the land from our ancestors, we borrow it from our children.
Mix a little foolishness with your prudence: It's good to be silly at the right moment.
When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves.
Never let a problem to be solved become more important than the person to be loved.
Peace. It does not mean to be in a place where there is no noise, trouble or hard work. It means to be in the midst of those things and still be calm in your heart.
If your success is not on your own terms, if it looks good to the world but does not feel good in your heart, it is not success at all.
Fires can't be made with dead embers, nor can enthusiasm be stirred by spiritless men. Enthusiasm in our daily work lightens effort and turns even labor into pleasant tasks.
Millions of men have lived to fight, build palaces and boundaries, shape destinies and societies; but the compelling force of all times has been the force of originality and creation profoundly affecting the roots of human spirit.
Happiness is an attitude. We either make ourselves miserable, or happy and strong. The amount of work is the same.
No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another.
The whole purpose of education is to turn mirrors into windows.
The greatest good you can do for another is not just to share your riches but to reveal to him his own.
Nothing contributes so much to tranquilize the mind as a steady purpose- a point on which the soul may fix its intellectual eye.
Light yourself on fire with passion and people will come from miles to watch you burn.
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
Excellence is never an accident; it is the result of high intention, sincere effort, intelligent direction, skillful execution and the vision to see obstacles as opportunities.
A desire presupposes the possibility of action to achieve it; action presupposes a goal which is worth achieving.
To finish first, you must first finish.
In matters of principle, stand like a rock; in matters of taste, swim with the current.
That's all a man can hope for during his lifetime- to set an example- and when he is dead, to be an inspiration for history.
Things that matter most must never be at the mercy of things that matter least.
It is by going down into the abyss that we recover the treasures of life. Where you stumble, there lies your treasure.
I have found no greater satisfaction than achieving success through honest dealing and strict adherence to the view that, for you to gain, those you deal with should gain as well.
Let yourself be silently drawn by the strange pull of what you really love. It will not lead you astray.
Be practical as well as generous in your ideals. Keep your eyes on the stars, but remember to keep your feet on the ground.
Our lives are defined by opportunities, even the ones we miss.
We lose ourselves in the things we love. We find ourselves there, too.
Every time you are tempted to react in the same old way, ask if you want to be a prisoner of the past or a pioneer of the future.
I think you should take your job seriously, but not yourself- that is the best combination.
Mistakes are the portals of discovery.
Getting ahead in a difficult profession requires avid faith in yourself. That is why some people with mediocre talent, but with great inner drive, go much further than people with vastly superior talent.
I've never been poor, only broke. Being poor is a frame of mind. Being broke is only a temporary situation.
Each person has an ideal, a hope, a dream which represents the soul. We must give to it the warmth of love, the light of understanding and the essence of encouragement.
Most people are like you and me, or the people across the street or around the world from you and me. Just like you and me, their hearts tell them that somewhere, somehow, they can make a positive difference in the world.
There is not enough darkness in all the world to put out the light of even one small candle.
The time to repair the roof is when the sun is shining.
No man ever listened himself out of a job.
Patience is not passive; on the contrary, it is active; it is concentrated strength.
Good people are good because they've come to wisdom through failure.
All men by nature desire to know.
It is quality rather than quantity that matters.
Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the life-long attempt to acquire it.
Great Teachers can lead you to the doors of understanding, but it is up to you to enter.
I'd rather regret the things I've done than regret the things I haven't done.
You'll never find a rainbow if you're looking down.
Confidence comes not from always being right, but from not fearing to be wrong.
Wealth is the slave of a wise man. The master of a fool.
... the educated person is not the person who can answer the questions, but the person who can question the answers.
A little fire, Scarecrow?
Acting is an art which consists of keeping the audience from coughing.
Anchovies? You've got the wrong man! I spell my name DANGER! (click)
Benson, you are so free of the ravages of intelligence.
"Beware of the man who works hard to learn something, learns it, and finds himself no wiser than before," Bokonon tells us. "He is full of murderous resentment of people who are ignorant without having come by their ignorance the hard way."
But I don't like Spam!
Calvin Coolidge looks as if he had been weaned on a pickle.
"Contrariwise," continued Tweedledee, "if it was so, it might be; and if it were so, it would be; but as it isn't, it ain't. That's logic!"
Deliver yesterday, code today, think tomorrow.
Die? I should say not, dear fellow. No Barrymore would allow such a conventional thing to happen to him.
"Do not stop to ask what is it;
Do you have blacks, too?
Don't let your mouth write no check that your tail can't cash.
Don't say yes until I finish talking.
Drawing on my fine command of language, I said nothing.
Earth is a great, big funhouse without the fun.
Even the best of friends cannot attend each other's funeral.
Every time I think I know where it's at, they move it.
Grub first, then ethics.
He didn't say that. He was reading what was given to him in a speech.
He was so narrow minded he could see through a keyhole with both eyes...
He's the kind of man for the times that need the kind of man he is ...
His mind is like a steel trap -- full of mice.
Humor is a drug which it's the fashion to abuse.
I am not an Economist. I am an honest man!
I am not sure what this is, but an `F' would only dignify it.
I didn't accept it. I received it.
I don't care who does the electing as long as I get to do the nominating.
I don't have any solution but I certainly admire the problem.
I have yet to see any problem, however complicated, which, when looked at in the right way, did not become still more complicated.
I just need enough to tide me over until I need more.
I may not be totally perfect, but parts of me are excellent.
I support efforts to limit the terms of members of Congress, especially members of the House and members of the Senate.
I was under medication when I made the decision not to burn the tapes.
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
If dolphins are so smart, why did Flipper work for television?
If the King's English was good enough for Jesus, it's good enough for me!
If you can count your money, you don't have a billion dollars.
If you go on with this nuclear arms race, all you are going to do is make the rubble bounce.
In defeat, unbeatable; in victory, unbearable.
"It depends on your definition of asleep. They were not stretched out.
They had their eyes closed. They were seated at their desks with their heads in a nodding position."
It is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle if it is lightly greased.
"It was hell," recalls former child.
It's bad luck to be superstitious.
It's not Camelot, but it's not Cleveland, either.
Just once, I wish we would encounter an alien menace that wasn't immune to bullets
Laughter is the closest distance between two people.
MacDonald has the gift on compressing the largest amount of words into the smallest amount of thoughts.
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain.
Mate, this parrot wouldn't VOOM if you put four million volts through it!
Might as well be frank, monsieur. It would take a miracle to get you out of Casablanca and the Germans have outlawed miracles.
Nondeterminism means never having to say you are wrong.
Of COURSE it's the murder weapon. Who would frame someone with a fake?
One planet is all you get.
She is descended from a long line that her mother listened to.
Sherry [Thomas Sheridan] is dull, naturally dull; but it must have taken him a great deal of pains to become what we now see him. Such an excess of stupidity, sir, is not in Nature.
Stealing a rhinoceros should not be attempted lightly.
Sure, it's going to kill a lot of people, but they may be dying of something else anyway.
Text processing has made it possible to right-justify any idea, even one which cannot be justified on any other grounds.
That must be wonderful! I don't understand it at all.
The C Programming Language: A language which combines the flexibility of assembly language with the power of assembly language.
The Lord gave us farmers two strong hands so we could grab as much as we could with both of them.
The bland leadeth the bland and they both shall fall into the kitsch.
The difference between a misfortune and a calamity? If Gladstone fell into the Thames, it would be a misfortune. But if someone dragged him out again, it would be a calamity.
The illegal we do immediately. The unconstitutional takes a bit longer.
The society which scorns excellence in plumbing as a humble activity and tolerates shoddiness in philosophy because it is an exaulted activity will have neither good plumbing nor good philosophy ... neither its pipes nor its theories will hold water.
The sooner you fall behind, the more time you'll have to catch up!
The streets are safe in Philadelphia. It's only the people who make them unsafe.
The voters have spoken, the bastards...
The warning message we sent the Russians was a calculated ambiguity that would be clearly understood.
The way to make a small fortune in the commodities market is to start with a large fortune.
There are three possibilities: Pioneer's solar panel has turned away from the sun; there's a large meteor blocking transmission; or someone loaded Star Trek 3.2 into our video processor.
There are two ways of disliking poetry; one way is to dislike it, the other is to read Pope.
There was a boy called Eustace Clarence Scrubb, and he almost deserved it.
They gave me a book of checks. They didn't ask for any deposits.
This is a country where people are free to practice their religion, regardless of race, creed, color, obesity, or number of dangling keys...
To YOU I'm an atheist; to God, I'm the Loyal Opposition.
To vacillate or not to vacillate, that is the question ... or is it?
Tom Hayden is the kind of politician who gives opportunism a bad name.
Under capitalism, man exploits man. Under Communism, it's just the opposite.
We don't care. We don't have to. We're the Phone Company.
We don't have to protect the environment -- the Second Coming is at hand.
We have reason to believe that man first walked upright to free his hands for masturbation.
We'll cross out that bridge when we come back to it later.
Well, if you can't believe what you read in a comic book, what CAN you believe?!
What is the robbing of a bank compared to the FOUNDING of a bank?
When the going gets tough, the tough get empirical.
When you have to kill a man it costs nothing to be polite.
"Where shall I begin, please your Majesty?" he asked. "Begin at the beginning," the King said, gravely, "and go on till you come to the end: then stop."
Why be a man, when you can be a success?
Why isn't there a special name for the tops of your feet?
Why was I born with such contemporaries?
Would you tell me, please, which way I ought to go from here?
"That depends a good deal on where you want to get to," said the Cat.
Yes, that was Richard Nixon. He used to be President. When he left the White House, the Secret Service would count the silverware.
You can't teach people to be lazy -- either they have it, or they don't.
You'll never be the man your mother was!
'Martyrdom' is the only way a person can become famous without ability.
'Tis not too late to seek a newer world.
[Humanity] is the measure of all things.
... And malt does more than Milton can/To justify God's ways to man
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar. The first one orders a beer. The second orders half a beer. The third, a quarter of a beer. The bartender says "You're all idiots", and pours two beers.
Any code of your own that you haven't looked at for six or more months might as well have been written by someone else.
Any resemblance between the above and my own views is non-deterministic.
... Had this been an actual emergency, we would have fled in terror, and you would not have been informed.
... The book is worth attention for only two reasons: (1) it attacks attempts to expose sham paranormal studies; and (2) it is very well and plausibly written and so rather harder to dismiss or refute by simple jeering.
The first principle is that you must not fool yourself -- and you are the easiest person to fool. So you have to be very careful about that. After you've not fooled yourself, it's easy not to fool other scientists. You just have to be honest in a conventional way after that.
... at least I thought I was dancing, 'til somebody stepped on my hand.
... if the church put in half the time on covetousness that it does on lust, this would be a better world.
... the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost would never throw the Devil out of Heaven as long as they still need him as a fourth for bridge.
... they [the Indians] are not running but are coming on.
...I would go so far as to suggest that, were it not for our ego and concern to be different, the African apes would be included in our family, the Hominidae.
...computer hardware progress is so fast. No other technology since civilization began has seen six orders of magnitude in performance-price gain in 30 years.
...it still remains true that as a set of cognitive beliefs about the existence of God in any recognizable sense continuous with the great systems of the past, religious doctrines constitute a speculative hypothesis of an extremely low order of probability.
...skill such as yours is evidence of a misspent youth.
...the increased productivity fostered by a friendly environment and quality tools is essential to meet ever increasing demands for software.
...there can be no public or private virtue unless the foundation of action is the practice of truth.
...this is an awesome sight. The entire rebel resistance buried under six million hardbound copies of "The Naked Lunch".
...though his invention worked superbly -- his theory was a crock of sewage from beginning to end.
...when fits of creativity run strong, more than one programmer or writer has been known to abandon the desktop for the more spacious floor.
10.0 times 0.1 is hardly ever 1.0.
36 percent of the American public believes that boiling radioactive milk makes it safe to drink.
43rd Law of Computing:
80 percent of all statistics are made up on the spot, including this one.
A LISP programmer knows the value of everything, but the cost of nothing.
A bore is a man you deprives you of solitude without providing you with company.
A Nixon [is preferable to] a Dean Rusk -- who will be passionately wrong with a high sense of consistency.
A Puritan is someone who is deathly afraid that someone somewhere is having fun.
A baby is an alimentary canal with a loud voice at one end and no responsibility at the other.
A bachelor is a selfish, undeserving guy who has cheated some woman out of a divorce.
A billion here, a billion there, sooner or later it adds up to real money.
A bore is someone who persists in holding his own views after we have enlightened him with ours.
A budget is just a method of worrying before you spend money, as well as afterward.
A candidate is a person who gets money from the rich and votes from the poor to protect them from each other.
A celebrity is a person who is known for his well-knownness.
A child's education should begin at least 100 years before he is born.
A city is a large community where people are lonesome together.
A clash of doctrine is not a disaster -- it is an opportunity.
A closed mouth gathers no foot.
A conclusion is simply the place where someone got tired of thinking.
A conference is a gathering of important people who singly can do nothing, but together can decide that nothing can be done.
A conservative is a man who believes that nothing should be done for the first time.
A conservative is a man with two perfectly good legs who has never learned to walk.
A conservative is one who is too cowardly to fight and too fat to run.
A countryman between two lawyers is like a fish between two cats.
A critic is a legless man who teaches running.
A day without sunshine is like night.
A decision occurs when one abandons the obvious for the possible.
A diplomat is a man who can convince his wife she'd look stout in a fur coat.
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you will look forward to the trip.
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never her age.
A diva who specializes in risque arias is an off-coloratura soprano ...
A door is what a dog is perpetually on the wrong side of.
A fanatic is a person who can't change his mind and won't change the subject.
A fool must now and then be right by chance.
A fool's brain digests philosophy into folly, science into superstition, and art into pedantry. Hence University education.
A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds.
A formal parsing algorithm should not always be used.
A good listener is not only popular everywhere, but after a while he knows something.
A good memory does not equal pale ink.
A good workman is known by his tools.
A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices.
A handful of friends is worth more than a wagon of gold.
A healthy male adult bore consumes each year one and a half times his weight in other people's patience.
A hermit is a deserter from the army of humanity.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a cash advance.
A king's castle is his home.
A lack of leadership is no substitute for inaction.
A language that doesn't affect the way you think about programming is not worth knowing.
A language that doesn't have everything is actually easier to program in than some that do.
A large number of installed systems work by fiat. That is, they work by being declared to work.
A learning experience is one of those things that says, "You know that thing you just did? Don't do that."
A little caution outflanks a large cavalry.
A lot of people I know believe in positive thinking, and so do I. I believe everything positively stinks.
A man forgives only when he is in the wrong.
A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams.
A man paints with his brains and not with his hands.
A man said to the Universe: "Sir, I exist!"
"However," replied the Universe, "the fact has not created in me a sense of obligation."
A man shall never be enriched by envy.
A man who fishes for marlin in ponds will put his money in Etruscan bonds.
A man who turns green has eschewed protein.
A man wrapped up in himself makes a very small package.
A manager would rather live with a problem that he cannot solve than accept a solution that he does not understand.
A mathematician is a machine for converting coffee into theorems.
A mathematician named Hall Has a hexahedronical ball, And the cube of its weight Times his pecker's, plus eight Is his phone number -- give him a call.
A model is an artifice for helping you convince yourself that you understand more about a system than you do.
A moose once bit my sister.
A morsel of genuine history is a thing so rare as to be always valuable.
A nuclear war can ruin your whole day.
A nymph hits you and steals your virginity.
A penny saved is ridiculous.
A person is just about as big as the things that make them angry.
A person who knows only one side of a question knows little of that.
A person with one watch knows what time it is; a person with two watches is never sure. Proverb
A physicist is an atom's way of knowing about atoms.
A plucked goose doesn't lay golden eggs.
A professor is one who talks in someone else's sleep.
A psychiatrist is a person who will give you expensive answers that your wife will give you for free.
A quarrel is quickly settled when deserted by one party; there is no battle unless there be two.
A real patriot is the fellow who gets a parking ticket and rejoices that the system works.
A real person has two reasons for doing anything ... a good reason and the real reason.
A right is not what someone gives you; it's what no one can take from you.
A scout troop consists of twelve little kids dressed like schmucks following a big schmuck dressed like a kid.
A second marriage is the triumph of hope over experience.
A sine curve goes off into infinity or at least to the end of the blackboard.
A smile is the shortest distance between two people.
A straw vote only shows which way the hot air blows.
A student who changes the course of history is probably taking an exam.
A successful tool is one that was used to do something undreamed of by its author.
A thing is worth precisely what it can do for you, not what you choose to pay for it.
A total abstainer is one who abstains from everything but abstention, and especially from inactivity in the affairs of others.
A truly wise man never plays leapfrog with a unicorn.
A university is what a college becomes when the faculty loses interest in students.
A vacuum is a hell of a lot better than some of the stuff that nature replaces it with.
A visit to a fresh place will bring strange work.
A visit to a strange place will bring fresh work.
A well adjusted person is one who makes the same mistake twice without getting nervous.
A well-known friend is a treasure.
A witty saying proves nothing.
A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in God.
Ada, n.:
Abandon hope, all ye who press "ENTER" here.
Ability is useless unless it is used.
About all some men accomplish in life is to send a son to Harvard.
About the only thing on a farm that has an easy time is the dog.
About the time we think we can make ends meet, somebody moves the ends.
Above all things, reverence yourself.
Abstention makes the heart grow fonder.
Absurdity, n.:
Accident, n.:
According to my best recollection, I don't remember.
According to my scuba instructor, if a shark attacks, you're supposed to poke it in the eye with your finger. After that, I suppose you should hit it in the face with a cream pie, or maybe hose it down with a seltzer bottle.
Accordion: A bagpipe with pleats.
Accuracy: The vice of being right.
Acquaintance, n.:
Activity makes more men's fortunes than cautiousness.
Actors will happen in the best-regulated families.
Ada is the work of an architect, not a computer scientist.
Adapt. Enjoy. Survive.
Adde parvum parvo magnus acervus erit.
[Add little to little and there will be a big pile.]
Admiration, n.:
Adolescence: The stage between puberty and adultery.
Adore, v.:
Adult: One old enough to know better.
Adversity makes men, prosperity monsters.
Advertisement: The most truthful part of a newspaper.
Advertising: The science of arresting the human intelligence long enough to get money from it.
After Goliath's defeat, giants ceased to command respect.
After a number of decimal places, nobody gives a damn.
After all is said and done, a lot more has been said than done.
After all, what is your hosts' purpose in having a party? Surely not for you to enjoy yourself; if that were their sole purpose, they'd have simply sent champagne and women over to your place by taxi.
After any machine or unit has been assembled, extra components will be found on the bench.
After the last of 16 mounting screws has been removed from an access cover, it will be discovered that the wrong access cover has been removed.
After winning the pennant one year, Casey Stengel commented, "I couldn'ta done it without my players."
Air is water with holes in it.
Alas, I am dying beyond my means.
Alexander Graham Bell is alive and well in New York, and still waiting for a dial tone.
Alimony and bribes will engage a large share of your wealth.
Alimony is a system by which, when two people make a mistake, one of them keeps paying for it.
All I ask is a chance to prove that money can't make me happy.
All I ask of life is a constant and exaggerated sense of my own importance.
All I kin say is when you finds yo'self wanderin' in a peach orchard, ya don't go lookin' for rutabagas.
All a hacker needs is a tight PUSHJ, a loose pair of UUOs, and a warm place to shift.
All great ideas are controversial, or have been at one time.
All happy families resemble one another, each unhappy in its own way.
All in all it's just another brick in the wall.
All my life I wanted to be someone; I guess I should have been more specific.
All programmers are playwrights and all computers are lousy actors.
All progress is based upon a universal innate desire on the part of every organism to live beyond its income.
All science is either physics or stamp collecting.
All that glitters has a high refractive index.
All the world's a stage and most of us are desperately unrehearsed.
All things are possible except skiing through a revolving door.
All through human history, tyrannies have tried to enforce obedience by prohibiting disrespect for the symbols of their power. The swastika is only one example of many in recent history.
All true wisdom is found on T-shirts.
All wise men share one trait in common: the ability to listen.
Allen's Axiom:
Alliance, n.:
Always borrow money from a pessimist; he doesn't expect to be paid back.
Always make the audience suffer as much as possible.
Ambidextrous, adj.:
Ambition is a poor excuse for not having sense enough to be lazy.
America had often been discovered before Columbus; it had just been hushed up.
America's best buy for a quarter is a telephone call to the right man.
America, how can I write a holy litany in your silly mood?
American Non Sequitur Society: We don't make sense. We like pizza.
Amnesia used to be my favorite word, but then I forgot it.
Among the chosen, you are the lucky one.
Among the lucky, you are the chosen one.
An American's a person who isn't afraid to criticize the President but is always polite to traffic cops.
An Army travels on its stomach.
An Englishman never enjoys himself, except for a noble purpose.
An economist is a man who states the obvious in terms of the incomprehensible.
An effective way to deal with predators is to taste terrible.
An elephant is a mouse with an operating system.
An idea is not responsible for the people who believe in it.
An idle mind is worth two in the bush.
An intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself.
An NT server can be run by an idiot, and usually is.
(Posted to comp.infosystems.www.servers.unix on 03 Sep 1997)
An object never serves the same function as its image -- or its name.
An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.
Anarchy may not be the best form of government, but it's better than no government at all.
Anarchy: It's not the law, it's just a good idea.
And I alone am returned to wag the tail.
And now for something completely different.
And now that the legislators and the do-gooders have so futilely inflicted so many systems upon society, may they end up where they should have begun: may they reject all systems, and try liberty...
And on the seventh day, He exited from append mode.
And the Lord God said unto Moses -- and correctly, I believe ...
And the crowd was stilled. One elderly man, wondering at the sudden silence, turned to the Child and asked him to repeat what he had said. Wide-eyed, the Child raised his voice and said once again, "Why, the Emperor has no clothes! He is naked!"
And there's hamburger all over the highway in Mystic, Connecticut.
And they told us, what they wanted...
Was a sound that could kill some-one, from a distance.
And this is a table ma'am. What in essence it consists of is a horizontal rectilinear plane surface maintained by four vertical columnar supports, which we call legs. The tables in this laboratory, ma'am, are as advanced in design as one will find anywhere in the world.
And thou shalt eat it as barley cakes, and thou shalt bake it with dung that cometh out of man, in their sight...Then he [the Lord!] said unto me, Lo, I have given thee cow's dung for man's dung, and thou shalt prepare thy bread therewith.
Anger is a prelude to courage.
Angular momentum makes the world go round.
Ankh if you love Isis.
Anoint, v.:
Another good night not to sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
Another one bites the dust.
Anthony's Law of Force:
Anthony's Law of the Workshop:
Corollary:
Antimatter doesn't matter as a matter of fact.
Antiquis temporibus, nati tibi similes in rupibus ventosissimis exponebantur ad necem. (In the good old days, children like you were left to perish on windswept crags.)
Antonym, n.:
Any clod can have the facts, but having opinions is an art.
Any excuse will serve a tyrant.
Any fool can paint a picture, but it takes a wise man to be able to sell it.
Any fool can paint a picture, but it takes a wise person to be able to sell it.
Any given program, when running correctly, is obsolete.
Any job worth quitting is worth sticking around long enough until they fire you.
Any medium powerful enough to extend man's reach is powerful enough to topple his world. To get the medium's magic to work for one's aims rather than against them is to attain literacy.
Any shrine is better than self-worship.
Any small object that is accidentally dropped will hide under a larger object.
Any small object when dropped will hide under a larger object.
Any smoothly functioning technology will have the appearance of magic.
Any sufficiently advanced bureaucracy is indistinguishable from molasses.
Any sufficiently advanced stupidity is indistinguishable from malice.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from a rigged demo.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
Any two philosophers can tell each other all they know in two hours.
Anybody with money to burn will easily find someone to tend the fire.
Anyone can hold the helm when the sea is calm.
Anyone who cannot cope with mathematics is not fully human. At best he is a tolerable subhuman who has learned to wear shoes, bathe and not make messes in the house.
Anyone who knows history, particularly the history of Europe, will, I think, recognize that the domination of education or of government by any one particular religious faith is never a happy arrangement for the people.
Anyone who wants to be paid for writing software is a fascist asshole.
Anything anybody can say about America is true.
Anything free is worth what you pay for it.
Anything is possible if you don't know what you're talking about.
Anything labeled "NEW" and/or "IMPROVED" isn't. The label means the price went up. The label "ALL NEW", "COMPLETELY NEW", or "GREAT NEW" means the price went way up.
Anything worth doing is worth overdoing
Anytime things appear to be going better, you have overlooked something.
Arbolist . . . Look up the word. I don't know, maybe I made it up. Anyway, it's an arbo-tree-ist, somebody who knows about trees.
Are we not men?
Are you a turtle?
Arithmetic is being able to count up to twenty without taking off your shoes.
Armadillo: To provide weapons to a Spanish pickle
Army, n.:
Army Axiom:
Arnold's Laws of Documentation:
(1) If it should exist, it doesn't.
(2) If it does exist, it's out of date.
(3) Only documentation for useless programs transcends the first two laws.
Art is parasitic on life, just as criticism is parasitic on art.
As Will Rogers would have said, "There is no such things as a free variable."
As Zeus said to Narcissus, "Watch yourself."
As far as we know, our computer has never had an undetected error.
As goatherd learns his trade by goat, so writer learns his trade by wrote.
As long as the answer is right, who cares if the question is wrong?
As long as war is regarded as wicked, it will always have its fascination. When it is looked upon as vulgar, it will cease to be popular.
As regards the individual nature, woman is defective and misbegotten, for the active power of the male seed tends to the production of a perfect likeness in the masculine sex; while the production of a woman comes from defect in the active power.
As the poet said, "Only God can make a tree" -- probably because it's so hard to figure out how to get the bark on.
As the trials of life continue to take their toll, remember that there is always a future in Computer Maintenance.
As with most fine things, chocolate has its season. There is a simple memory aid that you can use to determine whether it is the correct time to order chocolate dishes: any month whose name contains the letter A, E, or U is the proper time for chocolate.
As you read the scroll it vanishes,
and you hear maniacal laughter in the distance.
Ashes to ashes, dust to dust, If God won't have you, the devil must.
Ask not for whom the telephone bell tolls ... if thou art in the bathtub, it tolls for thee.
Ask your boss to reconsider -- it's so difficult to take "Go to hell" for an answer.
Assuming that either the left wing or the right wing gained control of the country, it would probably fly around in circles.
At Group L, Stoffel oversees six first-rate programmers, a managerial challenge roughly comparable to herding cats.
At a recent meeting in Snowmass, Colorado, a participant from Los Angeles fainted from hyperoxygenation, and we had to hold his head under the exhaust of a bus until he revived.
At first sight, the idea of any rules or principles being superimposed on the creative mind seems more likely to hinder than to help, but this is quite untrue in practice. Disciplined thinking focuses inspiration rather than blinkers it.
At the source of every error which is blamed on the computer you will find at least two human errors, including the error of blaming it on the computer.
Athens built the Acropolis. Corinth was a commercial city, interested in purely materialistic things. Today we admire Athens, visit it, preserve the old temples, yet we hardly ever set foot in Corinth.
Atlee is a very modest man. And with reason.
Auribus teneo lupum. (I hold a wolf by the ears.)
Automobile, n.:
Automobile: A four-wheeled vehicle that runs up hills and down pedestrians.
Average managers are concerned with methods, opinions, precedents.
Good managers are concerned with solving problems.
Avoid Quiet and Placid persons unless you are in Need of Sleep.
Avoid letting temper block progress; keep cool.
Back off, man. I'm a scientist.
Badges? We don't need no stinking badges.
Bagdikian's Observation:
Bad sneakers and a pia colada, my friend Stompin' down the avenue by Radio City With a transistor and a large sum of money to spend.
Baker's First Law of Federal Geometry:
Barth's Distinction: There are two types of people: those who divide people into two types, and those who don't.
Basic, n.:
Be assured that a walk through the ocean of most Souls would scarcely get your Feet wet. Fall not in Love, therefore: it will stick to your face.
Be careful when a loop exits to the same place from side and bottom.
Be different: conform.
Be regular and orderly in your life so that you may be violent and original in your work.
Be seeing you.
Beauty and harmony are as necessary to you as the very breath of life.
Beauty is only skin deep, but Ugly goes straight to the bone.
Bees are not as busy as we think they are; they just cannot buzz any slower.
Behind every argument is someone's ignorance.
Behold the warranty: The bold print giveth and the fine print taketh away.
Beifeld's Principle: The probability of a young man meeting a desirable and receptive young female increases by pyramidal progression when he is already in the company of: (1) a date, (2) his wife, (3) a better looking and richer male friend.
Being stoned on marijuana isn't very different from being stoned on gin.
Berkeley's First Law of Mistakes:
Corollary 1 to Berkeley's First Law of Mistakes:
Corollary 2 to Berkeley's First Law of Mistakes:
Berkeley's Second Law of Mistakes:
Better living a beggar than buried an emperor.
Between the choice of two evils, I always pick the one I've never tried before.
Between the legs of the women walking by, the dadaists imagined a monkey wrench and the surrealists a crystal cup. That's lost.
Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not tried it.
Beware of Geeks bearing grifts.
Beware of Programmers who carry screwdrivers.
Beware of a dark-haired man with a loud tie.
Beware of a tall dark man with a spoon up his nose.
Beware of all enterprises that require new clothes.
Beware of friends who are false and deceitful.
Beware of low-flying butterflies.
Beware of the Turing Tar-pit in which everything is possible but nothing of interest is easy.
Beware the new TTY code!
Biggest security gap -- an open mouth.
Bingo, gas station, hamburger with a side order of airplane noise, and you'll be Gary, Indiana.
Biography is the fallacy of intention.
Biology ... it grows on you.
Birth, n.:
Bizarreness is the essence of the exotic
Black holes are where God is dividing by zero.
Blah.
Bleeding into a new computer is always a good thing; it's an ancient geek voodoo magic to ensure its long life and reliability.
Blessed are the meek for they shall inhibit the earth.
Blessed are they who Go Around in Circles, for they Shall be Known as Wheels.
Blessed is the man who is too busy to worry in the daytime and too sleepy to worry at night.
Blood is thicker than water, and much tastier.
Boling's postulate:
Bolub's Fourth Law of Computerdom:
Bombeck's Rule of Medicine:
Bond reflected that good Americans were fine people and that most of them seemed to come from Texas.
Boob's Law:
Bore, n.:
Boren's Laws:
Boss, n.:
Boston, n.:
Boy, n.:
Bradley's Bromide:
Brady's First Law of Problem Solving:
Brain fried -- core dumped
Brain, n.:
Brain, v. [as in "to brain"]:
Bride, n.:
Bride: A woman with a fine prospect of happiness behind her.
Bringing computers into the home won't change either one, but may revitalize the corner saloon.
Broad-mindedness: The result of flattening high-mindedness out.
Brook's Law:
Brooke's Law:
Bubble Memory, n.:
Bucy's Law:
Bug: Small living things that small living boys throw on small living girls.
Bumper Sticker: Insanity is hereditary; you get it from your children.
Bumper sticker on nuclear war: if you have seen one, you have seen them all.
Bunk Carter's Law:
Bureaucracy is a giant mechanism operated by pygmies.
Bureaucrat, n.:
Bureaucrats cut read tape -- length-wise.
Burnt Sienna: That's the best thing that ever happened to Crayolas.
Business will be either better or worse.
But in our enthusiasm, we could not resist a radical overhaul of the system, in which all of its major weaknesses have been exposed, analyzed, and replaced with new weaknesses.
By doing just a little every day, I can gradually let the task completely overwhelm me.
By doing just a little every day, you can gradually let the task completely overwhelm you.
By long-standing tradition, I take this opportunity to savage other designers in the thin disguise of good, clean fun.
By one count there are some 700 scientists with respectable academic credentials (out of a total of 480,000 U.S. earth and life scientists) who give credence to creation-science, the general theory that complex life forms did not evolve but appeared "abruptly".
C, n.:
C++ : Where friends have access to your private members.
CChheecckk yyoouurr dduupplleexx sswwiittcchh..
Cabbage, n.:
Cabbage: A familiar kitchen-garden vegetable about as large and wise as a man's head.
Caeca invidia est. (Envy is blind.)
Cahn's Axiom:
California is a fine place to live -- if you happen to be an orange.
California is the ghost of Christmas future for the rest of America.
California is the land of perpetual pubescence, where cultural lag is mistaken for renaissance.
Call on God, but row away from the rocks.
Can anyone remember when the times were not hard, and money not scarce?
Can anything be sadder than work left unfinished? Yes, work never begun.
Cannot fork -- try again.
Cannot fortune open database.
Captain Penny's Law:
Carelessly planned projects take three times longer to complete than expected. Carefully planned projects take four times longer to complete than expected, mostly because the planners expect their planning to reduce the time it takes.
Carperpetuation (kar' pur pet u a shun), n.:
Catch a wave and you're sitting on top of the world.
Change is what people fear most.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Character Density: the number of very weird people in the office.
Character is the ligament holding together all other qualities.
Chemicals, n.:
Chicken Little was right.
Children are natural mimics who act like their parents despite every effort to teach them good manners.
Children aren't happy without something to ignore,
And that's what parents were created for.
Children begin by loving their parents. After a time they judge them. Rarely, if ever, do they forgive them.
Children have more need of models than of critics.
Children seldom misquote you. In fact, they usually repeat word for word what you shouldn't have said.
Chism's Law of Completion:
Chisolm's First Corollary to Murphy's Second Law:
Civilisation is the art of living in towns of such size that everyone does not know everyone else.
Civilization Law #1:
Civilization is a movement, not a condition; it is a voyage, not a harbor.
Civilization is the progress toward a society of privacy.
[Classical music] would be a lot more popular if they gave the pieces titles like "Kill the Wabbit."
Classified material requires proper storage.
Cleanliness is next to impossible.
Cogito cogito ergo cogito sum --
I think that I think, therefore I think that I am.
Cogito ergo doleo. (I think, therefore I am depressed.)
Cogito ergo sum.
Cohen's Law:
Collaboration, n.:
College isn't the place to go for ideas.
Colorless green ideas sleep furiously.
Come to think of it, there are already a million monkeys on a million typewriters, and Usenet is nothing like Shakespeare.
Commitment, n.:
Common sense in an uncommon degree is what the world calls wisdom.
Complacency is the enemy of progress.
Computer Science is merely the post-Turing decline in formal systems theory.
Computer Science: the boring art of coping with a large number of trivialities.
Conceit causes more conversation than wit.
Concept, n.:
Conceptual integrity in turn dictates that the design must proceed from one mind, or from a very small number of agreeing resonant minds.
Confession is good for the soul only in the sense that a tweed coat is good for dandruff.
Confidence is the feeling you have before you understand the situation.
Confound these ancestors.... They've stolen our best ideas!
Confusticate and bebother these dwarves!
Conscience is what hurts when everything else feels so good.
Conservative, n.:
Consultants are mystical people who ask a company for a number and then give it back to them.
Controlling complexity is the essence of computer programming.
Conversation, n.:
Conway's Law:
Coronation, n.:
Corporation, n. An ingenious device for obtaining individual profit without individual responsibility.
Corripe Cervisiam!
Corrupt, adj.:
Corruption is not the #1 priority of the Police Commissioner. His job is to enforce the law and fight crime.
Courage is grace under pressure.
Coward, n.:
Crash programs fail because they are based on the theory that, with nine women pregnant, you can get a baby a month.
Creativity cannot be diminished by the medium of expression.
Creationists make it sound as though a "theory" is something you dreamt up after being drunk all night.
Creditors have better memories than debtors.
Crime does not pay ... as well as politics.
Criminal: A person with predatory instincts who has not sufficient capital to form a corporation.
Critic, n.:
Cudgel thy brains no more about it, for your dull ass will not mend his pace with beating.
Culture is the habit of being pleased with the best and knowing why.
Cynic, n.:
Daring ideas are like chessmen moved forward,
they may be beaten, but they may start a winning game.
Dawn, n.:
De Borglie rules the wave, but Heisenberg waived the rules.
Dealing with failure is easy: work hard to improve. Success is also easy to handle: you've solved the wrong problem. Work hard to improve.
Death is God's way of telling you not to be such a wise guy.
Death is Nature's way of recycling human beings.
Death is Nature's way of saying, "slow down".
Death is life's way of telling you you've been fired.
Death: to stop sinning suddenly.
Debugging is anticipated with distaste, performed with reluctance, and bragged about forever.
Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place.
Therefore, if you write the code as cleverly as possible, you are -- by definition -- not smart enough to debug it.
Decisionmaker, n.:
Decisions terminate panic.
Deliberation, n.:
Democracy is a form of government in which it is permitted to wonder aloud what the country could do under first-class management.
Democracy is a form of government that substitutes election by the incompetent many for appointment by the corrupt few.
Democracy is four wolves and a lamb, voting on what to have for lunch.
Democracy is the recurrent suspicion that more than half of the people are right more than half of the time.
Denniston's Law:
Deprive a mirror of its silver, and even the Czar won't see his face.
Der Unterschied zwischen Genie und Wahnsinn liegt nur im Erfolg.
[The only difference between genius and insanity is the success.]
Did I forget to mention, forget to mention Memphis?
Home of Elvis and the ancient Greeks.
Do I smell? I smell home cooking.
It's only the river, it's only the river.
Did you know gullible is not in the dictionary?
Different all twisty a of in maze are you, passages little.
Digital computers are themselves more complex than most things people build: They have very large numbers of states. This makes conceiving, describing, and testing them hard. Software systems have orders-of-magnitude more states than computers do.
Dimensions will always be expressed in the least usable term.
Velocity, for example, will be expressed in furlongs per fortnight.
Diplomacy is the art of extricating oneself from a situation that tact would have prevented in the first place.
Diplomacy is the art of saying "nice doggy" until you can find a rock.
Disc space -- the final frontier!
Disco is to music what Etch-A-Sketch is to art.
Discovery consists in seeing what everyone else has seen and thinking what no one else has thought.
Distress, n.:
Do not merely believe in miracles, rely on them.
Do not clog intellect's sluices with bits of knowledge of questionable uses.
Do not compromise yourself; you are all you have got.
Do not take life too seriously; you will never get out of it alive.
Do not try to solve all life's problems at once -- learn to dread each day as it comes.
Do not underestimate the value of print statements for debugging.
Don't have aesthetic convulsions when using them, either.
Do you realize how many holes there could be if people would just take the time to take the dirt out of them?
Documentation is like sex: when it is good, it is very, very good; and when it is bad, it is better than nothing.
Documentation is the castor oil of programming. Managers know it must be good because the programmers hate it so much.
Don't be overly suspicious where it's not warranted.
Don't believe everything you hear or anything you say.
Don't comment bad code: rewrite it.
Don't compare floating point numbers solely for equality.
Don't crush that dwarf, hand me the pliers.
Don't diddle code to make it faster, find a better algorithm.
Dobbin's Law:
Don't get suckered in by the comments -- they can be terribly misleading. Debug only code.
Don't knock President Fillmore. He kept us out of Vietnam.
Don't learn the tricks of the trade, learn the trade.
Don't look back, the lemmings are gaining on you.
Don't put off for tomorrow what you can do today, because if you enjoy it today you can do it again tomorrow.
Don't tell me how hard you work. Tell me how much you get done.
Don't try to outweird me, three-eyes. I get stranger things than you free with my breakfast cereal.
Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It's already tomorrow in Australia.
Don't worry about things that you have no control over, because you have no control over them. Don't worry about things that you have control over, because you have control over them.
Don't worry about what other people are thinking about you. They're too busy worrying about what you are thinking about them.
Doubt is not a pleasant condition, but certainty is absurd.
Doubt isn't the opposite of faith; it is an element of faith.
Doubts and jealousies often beget the facts they fear.
Down with categorical imperative!
Ducharme's Axiom:
Ducharme's Precept:
Duct tape is like the force. It has a light side, and a dark side, and it holds the universe together ...
Due to a shortage of devoted followers, the production of great leaders has been discontinued.
Due to circumstances beyond your control, you are master of your fate and captain of your soul.
Dum excusare credis, accusas. (When you believe you are excusing yourself, you are accusing yourself.)
Dunne's Law:
During almost fifteen centuries the legal establishment of Christianity has been upon trial. What has been its fruits? More or less, in all places, pride and indolence in the clergy; ignorance and servility in the laity; in both, superstition, bigotry, and persecution.
Dying is a very dull, dreary affair. And my advice to you is to have nothing whatever to do with it.
E Pluribus Unix
Each honest calling, each walk of life, has its own elite, its own aristocracy based on excellence of performance.
Economics is extremely useful as a form of employment for economists.
Economics, n.:
Economy makes men independent.
Education has produced a vast population able to read but unable to distinguish what is worth reading.
Education helps earning capacity. Ask any college professor.
Een schip op het strand is een baken in zee.
[A ship on the beach is a lighthouse to the sea.]
Eeny Meeny, Jelly Beanie, the spirits are about to speak.
Eggheads unite! You have nothing to lose but your yolks.
Egotism is the anesthetic given by a kindly nature to relieve the pain of being a damned fool.
Egotism is the anesthetic that dulls the pain of stupidity.
Egotist, n.:
Ehrman's Commentary:
Eighty percent of air pollution comes from plants and trees.
Einstein argued that there must be simplified explanations of nature, because God is not capricious or arbitrary. No such faith comforts the software engineer.
Either do not attempt at all, or go through with it.
Either that wallpaper goes, or I do.
Electrocution: Burning at the stake with all the modern improvements.
Elevators smell different to midgets
Eloquence is vehement simplicity.
Emersons' Law of Contrariness:
Endless Loop: n., see Loop, Endless.
Loop, Endless: n., see Endless Loop.
Enjoy your life; be pleasant and gay, like the birds in May.
Entropy isn't what it used to be.
Envy always implies conscious inferiority wherever it resides.
Enzymes are things invented by biologists that explain things which otherwise require harder thinking.
Equal bytes for women.
Eschew obfuscatory digressiveness.
Eternal nothingness is fine if you happen to be dressed for it.
Ettore's observation: the other line moves faster.
Etymology, n.:
Even a cabbage may look at a king.
Even a hawk is an eagle among crows.
Even if you can deceive people about a product through misleading statements, sooner or later the product will speak for itself.
Even if you do learn to speak correct English, whom are you going to speak it to?
Even the boldest zebra fears the hungry lion.
Even the future comes one day at a time.
Even the smallest candle burns brighter in the dark.
Even though they raised the rate for first class mail in the United States we really shouldn't complain -- it's still only 2 cents a day.
Ever notice that even the busiest people are never too busy to tell you just how busy they are.
Ever wander around the web, look at discussions, totally agree with one of the points of view, and then notice it was posted under one of your web aliases 5 years ago?
Every 4 seconds a woman has a baby. Our problem is to find this woman and stop her.
Every Horse has an Infinite Number of Legs (proof by intimidation):
Every Solidarity center had piles and piles of paper .... everyone was eating paper and a policeman was at the door. Now all you have to do is bend a disk.
Every absurdity has a champion to defend it.
Every creature has within him the wild, uncontrollable urge to punt.
Every institution I've ever been associated with has tried to screw me.
Every little picofarad has a nanohenry all its own.
Every man is as God made him, ay, and often worse.
Every program has at least one bug and can be shortened by at least one instruction -- from which, by induction, one can deduce that every program can be reduced to one instruction which doesn't work.
Every program has two purposes -- one for which it was written and another for which it wasn't.
Every program is a part of some other program, and rarely fits.
Every purchase has its price.
Every silver lining has a cloud around it.
Every solution breeds new problems.
Every successful person has had failures, but repeated failure is no guarantee of eventual success.
Every word is like an unnecessary stain on silence and nothingness.
Everything is better with no people.
Dykstra's Law:
Everything is controlled by a small evil group to which, unfortunately, no one we know belongs.
Everything to excess! Moderation is for monks.
Everything you know is wrong.
Everything should be built top-down, except the first time.
Evolution is a bankrupt speculative philosophy, not a scientific fact.
Only a spiritually bankrupt society could ever believe it. ... Only atheists could accept this Satanic theory.
Evolution does not require the nonexistence of God, it merely allows for it. That alone is enough to evoke condemnation from those who fear the nonexistence of God more than they fear God Himself.
Evolution is both fact and theory. Creationism is neither.
Exactitude in small matters is the essence of discipline.
Example is the school of mankind, and they will learn at no other.
Excellent day to have a rotten day.
Excellent time to become a missing person.
Excess on occasion is exhilarating. It prevents moderation from acquiring the deadening effect of a habit.
Excessive login or logout messages are a sure sign of senility.
Excuse me while I change into something more formidable.
Executive ability is prominent in your make-up.
Expense Accounts, n.:
Experience is a dear teacher, but fools will learn at no other.
Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it.
Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you recognize a mistake when you make it again.
Experience is the worst teacher. It always gives the test first and the instructions afterward.
Experience is what causes a person to make new mistakes instead of old ones.
Experience is what you get when you were expecting something else.
Extreme good-naturedness borders on weakness of character. Avoid it.
Extremes of fortune are fatal to folks of small dimensions.
FLASH! Intelligence of mankind decreasing. Details at ... uh, when the little hand is on the ....
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
Failing to get them to do it your way might mean they're stupid, but it also means you failed to get them to do it your way.
Failure is more frequently from want of energy than want of capital.
Failure is not an option. It comes bundled with your Microsoft product.
Faire de la bonne cuisine demande un certain temps. Si on vous fait attendre, c'est pour mieux vous servir, et vous plaire.
[Good cooking takes time. If you are made to wait, it is to serve you better, and to please you.]
Fairy Tale: A horror story to prepare children for the newspapers.
Falling in love makes smoking pot all day look like the ultimate in restraint.
Familiarity breeds attempt
Familiarity breeds children.
Familiarity breeds contempt.
Families, when a child is born / Want it to be intelligent.
I, through intelligence, / Having wrecked my whole life,
Only hope the baby will prove / Ignorant and stupid.
Then he will crown a tranquil life / By becoming a Cabinet Minister
Fanaticism consists of redoubling your efforts when you have forgotten your aim.
Fantasy, abandoned by reason, produces impossible monsters; united with it, she is the mother of the arts and the origin of marvels.
Far better it is to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs, even though checkered by failure, than to take rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy much nor suffer much, because they live in the gray twilight that knows not victory or defeat.
Far duller than a serpent's tooth it is to spend a quiet youth.
Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months.
Felson's Law:
Fidelity: A virtue peculiar to those who are about to be betrayed.
Field theories, unite!
Finagle's Creed: Science is true. Don't be misled by facts.
Finagle's First Law:
Finagle's Second Law:
Fine, Java MIGHT be a good example of what a programming language should be like. But Java applications are good examples of what applications SHOULDN'T be like.
Fine day to throw a party. Throw him as far as you can.
Fine day to work off excess energy. Steal something heavy.
Finster's Law:
First Law of Procrastination:
First Law of Socio-Genetics:
First Rule of History:
Flee at once: All is discovered.
Flon's Law:
Flugg's Law:
Follow the river and you will eventually find the sea.
Football combines the two worst features of American life: violence and committee meetings.
For a really sweet time, call C6H12O6.
For a while there I was worried that my tin foil beanie was blocking the TopFive.com website. Luckily it turned out to be a router problem.
For an idea to be fashionable is ominous, since it must afterwards be always old-fashioned.
For every action, there is an equal and opposite criticism.
For every credibility gap, there is a gullibility fill.
For some reason a glaze passes over people's faces when you say "Canada". Maybe we should invade South Dakota or something.
For some reason, this fortune reminds everyone of Marvin Zelkowitz.
For those who like this sort of thing, this is the sort of thing they like.
Forgetfulness, n.:
Fourth Law of Revision:
Fourth Law of Thermodymanics:
Frankly my dear, I don't give a damn.
Fresco's Discovery: If you knew what you were doing you'd probably be bored.
Friends: people who borrow my books and set wet glasses on them.
Frisbeetarianism, n.:
Frobnicate, v.:
From the ice-age to the dole-age there is but one concern and I have just discovered: some girls are bigger than others some girls are bigger than others some girls are bigger than other girls' mothers.
From too much love of living/From hope and fear set free,
We thank with brief thanksgiving/Whatever gods may be,
That no life lives forever/That dead men rise up never,
That even the weariest river winds somewhere safe to sea.
Froud's Law:
Fudd's First Law of Opposition:
Furbling, v.:
Furious activity is no substitute for understanding.
Gadji beri bimba clandridi/Lauli lonni cadori gadjam A bim beri glassala glandride/E glassala tuffm I Zimbra.
G. B. Shaw to William Douglas Home: "Go on writing plays, my boy. One of these days a London producer will go into his office and say to his secretary, `Is there a play from Shaw this morning?' and when she says `No,' he will say, `Well, then we'll have to start on the rubbish.'
And that's your chance, my boy."
Garbage In -- Gospel Out.
Garter, n.:
Genderplex, n.:
Gene Police: YOU! Out of the pool!
Generosity and perfection are your everlasting goals.
Genetics explains why you look like your father, and if you don't, why you should.
Genius is the talent of a man who is dead.
Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped.
Genius: A chemist who discovers a laundry additive that rhymes with "bright".
Genuinely skillful use of obscenities is uniformly absent on the Internet.
George Orwell was an optimist.
Get forgiveness now -- tomorrow you may no longer feel guilty.
Get hold of portable property.
Give a man a fish, and you feed him for a day.
Teach a man to fish, and he'll invite himself over for dinner.
Give a small boy a hammer and he will find that everything he encounters needs pounding.
Give big space to the festive dog that shall sport in the roadway.
Give me a plumber's friend the size of the Pittsburgh Dome, and a place to stand, and I will drain the world.
Give up.
Giving advice is not as risky as people say; few ever take it anyway.
Glib's Fourth Law of Unreliability:
Go placidly amid the noise and waste, and remember what value there may be in owning a piece thereof.
Go soothingly in the grease mud, as there lurks the skid demon.
Go west young, man.
God did not create the world in 7 days; he screwed around for 6 days and then pulled an all-nighter.
God does not play dice with the universe.
God gives us relatives; thank goodness we can choose our friends.
God is a comedian playing to an audience too afraid to laugh.
God is a polytheist.
God is a verb, not a noun.
God is an atheist.
God is playing a comic to an audience that's afraid to laugh.
God is real, unless declared integer.
God is really only another artist. He invented the giraffe, the elephant and the cat. He has no real style, He just goes on trying other things.
God is the tangential point between zero and infinity.
God made machine language; all the rest is the work of man.
God made the integers; all else is the work of Man.
God made the world in six days, and was arrested on the seventh.
God requireth not a uniformity of religion.
God runs electromagnetics by wave theory on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and the Devil runs them by quantum theory on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday.
Godwin's Law:
Going the speed of light is bad for your age.
Going to church does not make a person religious, nor does going to school make a person educated, any more than going to a garage makes a person a car.
Goldenstern's Rules:
Good advice is something a man gives when he is too old to set a bad example.
Good leaders being scarce, following yourself is allowed.
Good-bye. I am leaving because I am bored.
Got Mole problems? Call Avogadro, 6.02 E23.
Goto, n.:
Government expands to absorb all revenue and then some.
Government is an association of men who do violence to the rest of us.
Government sucks.
Grabel's Law:
Graduate life -- it's not just a job, it's an indenture.
Grain grows best in shit.
Grandpa Charnock's Law:
Granholm's Definition of the Kludge: An ill-assorted collection of poorly matching parts forming a distressing whole.
Gray's Law of Programming:
Logg's Rebuttal to Gray's Law:
Great people talk about ideas, average people talk about things, and small people talk about wine.
Greatness is a transitory experience. It is never consistent.
Greener's Law:
Grelb's Reminder: Eighty percent of all people consider themselves to be above average drivers.
Hacker's Law:
Half of one, six dozen of the other.
Half the things that people do not succeed in are through fear of making the attempt.
Hand, n.:
Hanlon's Razor: Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity.
Hanson's Treatment of Time:
Happiness adds and multiplies as we divide it with others.
Happiness comes and goes and is short on staying power.
Happiness is having a scratch for every itch.
Happiness isn't something you experience; it's something you remember.
Happiness, n.:
Happiness: An agreeable sensation arising from contemplating the misery of another.
Hardware, n.:
Harris' Lament: All the good ones are taken.
Harris's Lament:
Harrisberger's Second Law of the Lab:
Harrisberger's Third Law of the Lab:
Harrisberger's Fourth Law of the Lab:
Harrison's Postulate:
Hartley's First Law:
Hartley's Second Law:
Harvard Law:
Hatred, n.:
Have you ever noticed that the people who are always trying to tell you, "There's a time for work and a time for play," never find the time for play?
Have you locked your file cabinet?
Have you noticed that all you need to grow healthy, vigorous grass is a crack in your sidewalk?
He had that rare weird electricity about him -- that extremely wild and heavy presence that you only see in a person who has abandoned all hope of ever behaving "normally".
He hadn't a single redeeming vice.
He hated to mend, so young Ned Called in a cute neighbor instead. Her husband said, "Vi, when you stitched up his torn fly, did you have to bite off the thread?"
He is considered the most graceful speaker who can say nothing in most words.
He is truly wise who gains wisdom from another's mishap.
He looked at me as if I was a side dish he hadn't ordered.
He played the king as if afraid someone else would play the ace.
He that labors and thrives spins gold.
He that would govern others, first should be the master of himself.
He thinks by infection, catching an opinion like a cold.
He walks as if balancing the family tree on his nose.
He was so narrow-minded he could see through a keyhole with both eyes.
He wasn't much of an actor, he wasn't much of a Governor -- Hell, they HAD to make him President of the United States. It's the only job he's qualified for!
He who Laughs, Lasts.
He who attacks the fundamentals of the American broadcasting industry attacks democracy itself.
He who has a shady past knows that nice guys finish last.
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.
He who hates vices hates mankind.
He who hesitates is sometimes saved.
He who invents adages for others to peruse takes along rowboat when going on cruise.
He who lives without folly is less wise than he believes.
He who shits on the road will meet flies on his return.
He who sneezes without a handkerchief takes matters into his own hands.
He who spends a storm beneath a tree takes life with a grain of TNT.
He who wonders discovers that this in itself is wonder.
He'll sit here and he'll say, "Do this! Do that!" And nothing will happen.
He's dead, Jim.
He's the kind of guy, that, well, if you were ever in a jam he'd be there ... with two slices of bread and some chunky peanut butter.
Health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die.
Heaven, n.:
Heavy, adj.:
Hedonist for hire: no job too easy.
Heisenberg may have slept here.
Hell hath no fury like a bureaucrat scorned.
Heller's Law:
Johnson's Corollary:
Hello. My name is Batman. You killed my father. Prepare to die.
Help a swallow land at Capistrano.
Help stamp out, remove and abolish redundancy.
Her life was saved by rock and roll.
Herblock's Law:
Here I am, fifty-eight, and I still don't know what I want to be when I grow up.
Here at Controls, we have one chief for every Indian.
Heuristics are bug ridden by definition. If they didn't have bugs, then they'd be algorithms.
Hey what? Where? When? (Are you confused as I am?)
Hi there! This is just a note from me, to you, to tell you, the person reading this note, that I can't think up any more famous quotes, jokes, nor bizarre stories, so you may as well go home.
Hidden talent counts for nothing.
Hindsight is an exact science.
Hippogriff, n.:
Hire the morally handicapped.
His heart was yours from the first moment that you met.
History does not repeat itself; historians merely repeat each other.
History has the relation to truth that theology has to religion -- i.e., none to speak of.
History repeats itself. That's one thing wrong with history.
History, I believe, furnishes no example of a priest-ridden people maintaining a free civil government. This marks the lowest grade of ignorance, of which their political as well as religious leaders will always avail themselves for their own purpose.
Hlade's Law:
Hoare's Law of Large Problems:
Hofstadter's Law:
Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no substitute for a good blaster at your side.
Hollywood is where if you don't have happiness you send out for it.
Holy Smoke, Batman, it's the Joker!
Honesty pays, but it doesn't seem to pay enough to suit some people.
Honi soit la vache qui rit.
Honorable, adj.:
Horngren's Observation: Among economists, the real world is often a special case.
Horse sense is the thing a horse has which keeps it from betting on people.
How about a little fire, scarecrow?
How can you be in two places at once when you're not anywhere at all?
How can you be two places at once when you're not anywhere at all?
How come only your friends step on your new white sneakers?
How does a project get to be a year late? ... One day at a time.
Q. How long does it take a DEC field service engineer to change a lightbulb? A. It depends on how many bad ones he brought with him.
Q. How many Bavarian Illuminati does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A. Three: one to screw it in, and one to confuse the issue.
Q. How many NASA managers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A. That's a known problem... don't worry about it.
Q. How many QA engineers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A. Three: one to screw it in and two to say "I told you so" when it doesn't work.
Q. How many WASPs does it take to change a light bulb?
A. Two. One to change the bulb and one to mix the drinks.
Q. How many Zen masters does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A. None. The Universe spins the bulb, and the Zen master stays out of the way.
Q. How many hardware guys does it take to change a light bulb?
A. Well the diagnostics say it's fine buddy, so it's a software problem.
Q. How many programmers does it take to change a light bulb?
A. None. It's a hardware problem.
Q. How many Vietnam vets does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A. You don't know, man. You don't KNOW. Cause you weren't THERE.
Q. How was Thomas J. Watson buried?
A. 9 edge down.
Howe's Law:
However, never daunted, I will cope with adversity in my traditional manner ... sulking and nausea.
Human beings were created by water to transport it uphill.
Humanity has the stars in its future, and that future is too important to be lost under the burden of juvenile folly and ignorant superstition.
Hurewitz's Memory Principle: The chance of forgetting something is directly proportional to ..... to ........ uh ..............
I always distrust people who know so much about what God wants them to do to their fellows.
I HATE arbitrary limits, especially when they're small.
I have found Christian dogma unintelligible. Early in life, I absented myself from Christian assemblies.
I have had interactions with developers who are convinced that everything in .Net was created solely by MS for open source usage. But that could be another result of vaccination preservatives.
I think all right-thinking people in this country are sick and tired of being told that ordinary, decent people are fed up in this country with being sick and tired. I'm certainly not! And I'm sick and tired of being told that I am.
I would defend the liberty of concenting adult creationists to practice whatever intellectual perversions they like in the privacy of their own homes; but it is also necessary to protect the young and innocent.
I would not dare to so dishonor my Creator God by attaching His name to that book [the Bible].
I'm also not very analytical. You know, I don't spend a lot of time thinking about myself, about why I do things.
I am always with myself, and it is I who am my tormenter.
I am astounded ... at the wonderful power you have developed -- and terrified at the thought that so much hideous and bad music may be put on record forever.
I am not now, and never have been, a girl friend of Henry Kissinger.
I am ready to meet my Maker. Whether my Maker is prepared for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter.
I am the mother of all things, and all things should wear a sweater.
I believe in getting into hot water; it keeps you clean.
I belong to no organized party. I am a Democrat.
I'll bet the human brain is a kludge.
I can call spirits from the vasty deep.
Why so can I, or so can any man; but will they come when you do call for them?
I can't complain, but sometimes I still do.
I cannot affirm God if I fail to affirm man. Therefore, I affirm both.
Without a belief in human unity I am hungry and incomplete. Human unity is the fulfillment of diversity. It is the harmony of opposites. It is a many-stranded texture, with color and depth.
I cannot and will not cut my conscience to fit this year's fashions.
I contend that we are both atheists. I just believe in one fewer god than you do. When you understand why you dismiss all the other possible gods, you will understand why I dismiss yours.
I could prove God statistically.
I didn't claw my way to the top of the food chain to eat veggies.
I do not believe in the creed professed by the Jewish Church, by the Roman Church, by the Greek Church, by the Turkish Church, by the Protestant Church, nor by any Church that I know of. My own mind is my own church.
I do not believe that this generation of Americans is willing to resign itself to going to bed each night by the light of a Communist moon...
I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them.
I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forgo their use.
I do not find in orthodox Christianity one redeeming feature.
I do not know myself, and God forbid that I should.
I do not mind what language an opera is sung in so long as it is a language I don't understand.
I don't believe in astrology. But then I'm an Aquarius, and Aquarians don't believe in astrology.
I don't care if I'm a lemming. I'm not going.
I don't care if it works on your machine! We are not shipping your machine!
I don't have any solution, but I certainly admire the problem.
I don't like spreading rumors, but what else can you do with them?
I dread success. To have succeeded is to have finished one's business on earth, like the male spider, who is killed by the female the moment he has succeeded in his courtship. I like a state of continual becoming, with a goal in front and not behind.
I dream of a better tomorrow, where chickens can cross the road and not be questioned about their motives.
I either want less corruption, or more chance to participate in it.
I fart in your general direction, tiny-brained wiper of other people's bottoms.
I generally avoid temptation unless I can't resist it.
I get the feeling that as soon as something appears in the paper, it ceases to be true.
I glance at the headlines just to kind of get a flavor for what's moving. I rarely read the stories, and get briefed by people who are probably read the news themselves.
I go to seek a great perhaps.
I had a great idea this morning but I did not like it.
I had a monumental idea this morning, but I didn't like it.
I hate quotations.
I have a simple philosophy:
I have discovered the heart of bushido: to die!
I have never killed a man, but I have read many obituaries with great pleasure.
I haven't lost my mind -- it's backed up on tape somewhere.
I haven't lost my mind; I know exactly where I left it.
I judge a religion as being good or bad based on whether its adherents become better people as a result of practicing it.
I just thought of something funny...your mother.
I like a man who grins when he fights.
I like being single. I'm always there when I need me.
I like the future, I'm in it.
I maintain there is much more wonder in science than in pseudoscience. And in addition, to whatever measure this term has any meaning, science has the additional virtue, and it is not an inconsiderable one, of being true.
I must have slipped a disk; my pack hurts.
I never fail to convince an audience that the best thing they could do was to go away.
I never met a piece of chocolate I didn't like.
I profoundly believe it takes a lot of practice to become a moral slob.
I program, therefore I am.
I regret to say that we of the F.B.I. are powerless to act in cases of oral-genital intimacy, unless it has in some way obstructed interstate commerce.
I regret to say that we of the FBI are powerless to act in cases of oral-genital intimacy, unless it has in some way obstructed interstate commerce.
I sat through it. Why shouldn't you?
I saw a werewolf drinking a pina colada at Trader Vic's.
I see you stand like greyhounds in the slips,
Straining upon the start. The game's afoot.
I support everyone's right to be an idiot. I may need it someday.
I think every good Christian ought to kick Falwell's ass.
I think Microsoft named .NET so it wouldn't show up in a Unix directory listing.
I think that God in creating man somewhat overestimated his ability.
I think time is crucial to anything. For example, if you lock an infinite number of monkeys in a room with those typewriters, but you limit the amount of time they have to write, the best you'll get out of them is the pilot to The Dukes of Hazzard.
I think trash is the most important manifestation of culture we have in my lifetime.
I think we're all Bozos on this bus.
I think you ought to know I'm feeling very depressed.
I tried being reasonable once. I didn't like it.
I use not only all the brains I have but all that I can borrow.
I used to be indecisive; now I'm not sure.
I used to get high on life but lately I've built up a resistance.
I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not so sure.
I was brought up in the other service; but I knew from the first that the Devil was my natural master and captain and friend. I saw that he was in the right, and that the world cringed to his conqueror only from fear.
I will never use biometrics. I'm afraid they'll make me change my password.
Few companies really work like the Borg. Most work a lot more like the Holy Roman Empire. News often takes weeks to travel from castle to castle by minstrel.
[The Ramones'] "I Wanna Be Sedated" should be played loud, poorly, and in some dingy club where you'd get grounded if your folks found out you were there, not quietly while strolling down the freezer aisle.
I will contend that conceptual integrity is *the* most important consideration in system design.
I wish there was a knob on the TV to turn up the intelligence. There's a knob called "brightness", but it doesn't work.
I wish they all could be California girls.
I wish you humans would leave me alone.
I would defend the liberty of consenting adult creationists to practice whatever intellectual perversions they like in the privacy of their own homes; but it is also necessary to protect the young and innocent.
I would have promised those terrorists a trip to Disneyland if it would have gotten the hostages released. I thank God they were satisfied with the missiles and we didn't have to go to that extreme.
I wouldn't mind dying -- it's that business of having to stay dead that scares the shit out of me.
I'll tell you what kind of guy I was. If you ordered a boxcar full of sons-of-bitches and opened the door and only found me inside, you could consider the order filled.
I'm a misanthrope. What's your fucking problem?
I'm growing older, but not up.
I'm in Pittsburgh. Why am I here?
I'm mad, and that's a fact./I found out animals don't help.
Animals think they're pretty smart./Shit on the ground, see in the dark.
I'm not breaking the rules. I'm just testing their elasticity.
I'm not expendable, I'm not stupid, and I'm not going.
I've got a bad feeling about this.
I've had fun before. This isn't it.
I've seen many politicians paralyzed in the legs as myself, but I've seen more of them who were paralyzed in the head.
Idiot Box, n.:
Idiot, n.:
If A = B and B = C, then A = C, except where void or prohibited by law.
If God lived on Earth, people would knock out all His windows.
If God is perfect, why did He create discontinuous functions?
If I had a hammer, I'd use it on Peter, Paul and Mary.
If I had any humility I would be perfect.
If Java had true garbage collection, most programs would delete themselves upon execution.
If Jesus Christ were to come today, people would not even crucify him. They would ask him to dinner, and hear what he had to say, and make fun of it.
If Murphy's Law were true, every time you tried to take a breath, all the air would be on the other side of the room.
If a President doesn't do it to his wife, he'll do it to his country.
If a group of N persons implements a COBOL compiler, there will be N-1 passes. Someone in the group has to be the manager.
If a listener nods his head when you're explaining your program, wake him up.
If a person (a) is poorly, (b) receives treatment intended to make him better, and (c) gets better, then no power of reasoning known to medical science can convince him that it may not have been the treatment that restored his health.
If all else fails, immortality can always be assured by spectacular error.
If all the philosophers in the world were laid end to end, they wouldn't reach a conclusion.
If all the salmon caught in Canada in one year were laid end to end across the Sahara Desert, the smell would be absolutely awful.
If all the world's a stage, I want to operate the trap door.
If all the world's economists were laid end to end, we wouldn't reach a conclusion.
If an idea can survive a bureaucratic review and be implemented it isn't worth the effort.
If anything can go wrong, it will.
If at first you don't succeed, give up, no use being a damn fool.
If at first you don't succeed, quit; don't be a nut about success.
If at first you don't succeed, redefine success.
If bankers can count, how come they have eight windows and only four tellers?
If entropy is increasing, where is it coming from?
If everything is coming your way then you're in the wrong lane.
If guns are outlawed, how will we shoot the liberals?
If I was a religious person, I would consider creationism nothing less than blasphemy. Do its adherents imagine that God is a cosmic hoaxer who has created that whole vast fossil record for the sole purpose of misleading mankind?
If ignorance is bliss, why aren't there more happy people?
If imprinted foil seal under cap is broken or missing when purchased, do not use.
If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
If it doesn't come from you, shouldn't it come from Gerber?
If it has syntax, it isn't user friendly.
If it pours before seven, it has rained by eleven.
If it weren't for Newton, we wouldn't have to eat bruised apples.
If it's Tuesday, this must be someone else's fortune.
If it's working, the diagnostics say it's fine.
If it's not working, the diagnostics say it's fine.
If life is a stage, I want some better lighting.
If mathematically you end up with the wrong answer, try multiplying by the page number.
If money can't buy happiness, I guess you'll just have to rent it.
If not controlled, work will flow to the competent man until he submerges.
If one year is seven dog years, then one day is a dog week.
If only God would give me some clear sign! Like making a large deposit in my name at a Swiss Bank.
If only God would give me some clear sign! Like making a large deposit in my name at a Swiss bank.
If only I could be respected without having to be respectable.
If only one could get that wonderful feeling of accomplishment without having to accomplish anything.
If people were required to know the law rather than obey it, the government would be overthrown the very next day.
If scientific reasoning were limited to the logical processes of arithmetic, we should not get very far in our understanding of the physical world. One might as well attempt to grasp the game of poker entirely by the use of the mathematics of probability.
If someone gives you a lemon, make lemonade.
If someone had told me I would be Pope one day, I would have studied harder.
If someone were to ask me for a short cut to sensuality, I would suggest he go shopping for a used 427 Shelby-Cobra. But it is only fair to warn you that of the 300 guys who switched to them in 1966, only two went back to women.
If something's not worth doing, it's not worth doing well.
If the aborigine drafted an IQ test, all of Western civilization would presumably flunk it.
If the bulk of American SF can be said to be written by robots, about robots, for robots, then the bulk of English fantasy seems to be written by rabbits, about rabbits and for rabbits.
If the code and the comments disagree, then both are probably wrong.
If the experiment works, you must be using the wrong equipment.
If the odds are a million to one against something occurring, chances are 50-50 it will.
If the presence of electricity can be made visible in any part of a circuit, I see no reason why intelligence may not be transmitted instantaneously by electricity.
If the weather is extremely bad, church attendance will be down. If the weather is extremely good, church attendance will be down. If the bulletin covers are in short supply, however, church attendance will exceed all expectations.
If there are epigrams, there must be meta-epigrams.
If there is a possibility of several things going wrong, the one that will cause the most damage will be the one to go wrong.
If there is no God, who pops up the next Kleenex?
If this country is worth saving, it's worth saving at a profit.
If this fortune didn't exist, somebody would have invented it.
If time heals all wounds, how come the belly button stays the same?
If two men agree on everything, you may be sure that one of them is doing the thinking.
If voting could really change the system, it would be against the law.
If we do not change our direction we are likely to end up where we are headed.
If we do not change our direction, we might end up were we are headed.
If we make peaceful revolution impossible, we make violent revolution inevitiable.
If you always postpone pleasure you will never have it. Quit work and play for awhile.
If you are not part of the solution, then you are part of the problem.
If you are willing to die, you can do anything.
If you build something a fool can use, only a fool will want it.
If you can lead it to water and force it to drink, it isn't a horse.
If you can survive death, you can probably survive anything.
If you can't learn to do it well, learn to enjoy doing it badly.
If you can't say something nice, say something surrealistic.
If you cannot convince them, confuse them.
If you cannot take a bird of paradise, better take a wet hen.
If you don't care where you are, then you ain't lost.
If you explain so clearly that nobody can misunderstand, somebody will.
If you give Congress a chance to vote on both sides of an issue, it will always do it.
If you had any brains, you'd be dangerous.
If you have to push so hard that you break your penis, you are doing something wrong.
If you have a procedure with 10 parameters, you probably missed some.
If you live in a country run by committee, be on the committee.
If you make a mistake, you right it immediately to the best of your ability.
If you make people think they're thinking, they'll love you; but if you really make them think they'll hate you.
If you meet somebody who tells you that he loves you more than anybody in the whole wide world, don't trust him. It means he experiments.
If you only have a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail.
If you perceive that there are four possible ways in which a procedure can go wrong, and circumvent these, then a fifth way will promptly develop.
If you push the "extra ice" button on the soft drink vending machine, you won't get any ice.
If you push the "no ice" button, you'll get ice, but no cup.
If you put garbage in a computer nothing comes out but garbage. But this garbage, having passed through a very expensive machine, is somehow ennobled and none dare criticize it.
If you see someone without a smile, give them yours.
If you substitute other kinds of intellectual property into the GNU manifesto, it quickly becomes absurd.
If you suspect a man, don't employ him.
If you think before you speak, the other guy gets his joke in first.
If you think education is expensive, try ignorance.
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car payments.
If you think the United States has stood still, who built the largest shopping center in the world?
If you want to eat hippopotamus, you've got to pay the freight.
If you work hard and do your homework, you can grow up and get a job doing homework.
If you'll excuse me a minute, I'm going to have a cup of coffee.
If you're going to do something tonight that you'll be sorry for tomorrow morning, sleep late.
If you're happy, you're successful.
If you're not careful, you're going to catch something.
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the precipitate.
If you're not very clever you should be conciliatory.
If you've done six impossible things before breakfast, why not round it off with dinner at Milliway's, the restaurant at the end of the universe?
If you've seen one Grand Canyon, you've seen them all.
If you've seen one city slum, you've seen them all.
If you've seen one redwood, you've seen them all.
If your only tool is a hammer, every problem looks like a nail.
Ignorance is the Mother of Devotion.
Ignorance is when you don't know anything and somebody finds it out.
Ignore previous fortune.
I'll play with it first and tell you what it is later.
Illinois isn't exactly the land that God forgot -- it's more like the land He's trying to ignore.
Imagination is the one weapon in the war against reality.
Imitation is the sincerest form of plagiarism.
Imitation is the sincerest form of television.
Immortality -- a fate worse than death.
Impartial, adj.:
Important letters which contain no errors will develop errors in the mail. Corresponding errors will show up in the duplicate while the Boss is reading it.
In America, any boy may become president and I suppose that's just one of the risks he takes.
In English, every word can be verbed. Would that it were so in our programming languages.
In a five year period we can get one superb programming language. Only, we can't control when the five year period will begin.
In an organization, each person rises to the level of his own incompetence.
In any formula, constants (especially those obtained from handbooks) are to be treated as variables.
In arguing that current theories of brain function cast suspicion on ESP, psychokinesis, reincarnation, and so on, I am frequently challenged with the most popular of all neuro-mythologies -- the notion that we ordinarily use only 10 percent of our brains...
In every country and every age, the priest has been hostile to Liberty. He is always in alliance with the despot.
In general, it is best to assume that the network is filled with malevolent entities that will send in packets designed to have the worst possible effect.
In marriage, as in war, it is permitted to take every advantage of the enemy.
In our civilization, and under our republican form of government, intelligence is so highly honored that it is rewarded by exemption from the cares of office.
In software, we rarely have meaningful requirements. Even if we do, the only measure of success that matters is whether our solution solves the customer's shifting idea of what their problem is.
In the Top 40, half the songs are secret messages to the teen world to drop out, turn on, and groove with the chemicals and light shows at discotheques.
In the beginning I was made. I didn't ask to me made. No one consulted me or considered my feelings in this matter. But if it brought some passing fancy to some lowly humans as they haphazardly pranced their way through life's mournful jungle then so be it.
In the face of entropy and nothingness, you kind of have to pretend it's not there if you want to keep writing good code.
In the field of observation, chance favors only the prepared minds.
In the force if Yoda's so strong, construct a sentence with words in the proper order then why can't he?
[In the future], people like me will be underground and hunted.
In Sedona, "Namaste" means "What can I sell you?"
In the future, you're going to get computers as prizes in breakfast cereals. You'll throw them out because your house will be littered with them.
In the land of the dark, the Ship of the Sun is driven by the Grateful Dead.
In the long run, every program becomes rococo, and then rubble.
In the market, there can be no such thing as exploitation.
In the pitiful, multipage, connection-boxed form to which the flowchart has today been elaborated, it has proved to be useless as a design tool -- programmers draw flowcharts after, not before, writing the programs they describe.
In the province of the mind, what one believes to be true either is true or becomes true.
In the realm of scientific observation, luck is granted only to those who are prepared.
In theory, theory and practice are the same. In practice, they're different.
In this world, Truth can wait; she's used to it.
Incest, n.:
Information Center, n.:
Ingrate, n.:
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
Innovation is hard to schedule.
Insanity is hereditary. You can catch it from your kids.
Insanity is hereditary. You get it from your kids.
Insanity is the final defense ... It's hard to get a refund when the salesman is sniffing your crotch and baying at the moon.
Inside every large problem is a small problem struggling to get out.
Integrity has no need for rules.
Interpreter, n.:
Intense feeling too often obscures the truth.
Iron Law of Distribution:
Is it not strange that the descendants of those Pilgrim Fathers who crossed the Atlantic to preserve their own freedom have always proved the most intolerant of the spiritual liberty of others?
Is it possible that software is not like anything else, that it is meant to be discarded: that the whole point is to always see it as a soap bubble?
Is life worth living? It depends on the liver.
Is not marriage an open question, when it is alleged, from the beginning of the world, that such as are in the institution wish to get out, and such as are out wish to get in?
Isn't it strange that the same people that laugh at gypsy fortune tellers take economists seriously?
Issawi's Laws of Progress:
It could be worse, you could be in Cleveland.
It does me no injury for my neighbor to say there are twenty gods or no God. It neither picks my pocket nor breaks my leg.
It has been observed that one's nose is never so happy as when it is thrust into the affairs of another, from which some physiologists have drawn the inference that the nose is devoid of the sense of smell.
It has been said that the great scientific disciplines are examples of giants standing on the shoulders of other giants. It has also been said that the software industry is an example of midgets standing on the toes of other midgets.
It has just been discovered that research causes cancer in rats.
It is Fortune, not wisdom that rules man's life.
It is a poor judge who cannot award a prize.
It is a rather pleasant experience to be alone in a bank at night.
It is against the grain of modern education to teach children to program. What fun is there in making plans, acquiring discipline in organizing thoughts, devoting attention to detail, and learning to be self-critical?
It is amusing that a virtue is made of the vice of chastity; and it's a pretty odd sort of chastity at that, which leads men straight into the sin of Onan, and girls to the waning of their color.
It is bad luck to be superstitious.
It is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees.
It is clear that the individual who persecutes a man, his brother, because he is not of the same opinion, is a monster.
It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something.
It is difficult to produce a television documentary that is both incisive and probing when every twelve minutes one is interrupted by twelve dancing rabbits singing about toilet paper.
It is easier to change the specification to fit the program than vice versa.
It is easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them.
It is easier to get forgiveness than permission.
It is easier to run down a hill than up one.
It is easier to write an incorrect program than understand a correct one.
It is generally agreed that "Hello" is an appropriate greeting because if you entered a room and said "Goodbye," it could confuse a lot of people.
It is happier to be sometimes cheated than not to trust.
It is important to note that probably no large operating system using current design technology can withstand a determined and well-coordinated attack, and that most such documented penetrations have been remarkably easy.
It is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so ingenious.
It is impossible to travel faster than light, and certainly not desirable, as one's hat keeps blowing off.
It is much easier to suggest solutions when you know nothing about the problem.
It is necessary for me to establish a winner image. Therefore, I have to beat somebody.
It is not best to swap horses while crossing the river.
It is not enough to succeed. Others must fail.
It is not true that life is one damn thing after another -- it's one damn thing over and over.
It is not well to be thought of as one who meekly submits to insolence and intimidation.
It is now 10 p.m. Do you know where Henry Kissinger is?
It is now pitch dark. If you proceed, you will likely fall into a pit.
It is one of the superstitions of the human mind to have imagined that virginity could be a virtue.
It is pitch dark. You are likely to be eaten by a grue.
It is said that the lonely eagle flies to the mountain peaks while the lowly ant crawls the ground, but cannot the soul of the ant soar as high as the eagle?
It is surely a great calamity for a human being to have no obsessions.
It is the business of little minds to shrink.
It is the business of the future to be dangerous.
It is the common fate of the indolent to see their rights become a prey to the active. The condition upon which God hath given liberty to man is eternal vigilance; which condition if he break, servitude is at once the consequence of his crime and the punishment of his guilt.
(Speeches. Dublin, 1808.)
It is the quality rather than the quantity that matters.
It is the wise bird who builds his nest in a tree.
It is wrong always, everywhere and for everyone to believe anything upon insufficient evidence.
It is your destiny.
It just goes to show what you can do if you're a total psychotic.
It looks like blind screaming hedonism won out.
It may be that your whole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
It may soon be time for you to look for a new line of work.
It often works better if you plug it in.
It seems like the less a statesman amounts to, the more he loves the flag.
It seems to make an auto driver mad if he misses you.
It takes a long time to understand nothing.
It turned out that the worm exploited three or four different holes in the system. From this, and the fact that we were able to capture and examine some of the source code, we realized that we were dealing with someone very sharp, probably not someone here on campus.
It was a book to kill time for those who liked it better dead.
It was always thus; and even if 'twere not, 'twould inevitably have been always thus.
It was the Law of the Sea, they said. Civilization ends at the waterline. Beyond that, we all enter the food chain, and not always right at the top.
It will be advantageous to cross the great stream ... the Dragon is on the wing in the Sky ... the Great Man rouses himself to his Work.
It works better if you plug it in.
It's a damn poor mind that can only think of one way to spell a word.
It's a fine day to throw a party. Throw him as far as you can.
It's a poor workman who blames his tools.
It's all in the mind, ya know.
It's better to burn out than it is to rust.
It's better to burn out than to fade away.
It's currently a problem of access to gigabits through punybaud.
It's easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them.
It's easier to get forgiveness for being wrong than forgiveness for being right.
It's hard to get ivory in Africa, but in Alabama the Tuscaloosa.
It's is not, it isn't ain't, and it's it's, not its, if you mean it is. If you don't, it's its. Then too, it's hers. It isn't her's. It isn't our's either. It's ours, and likewise yours and theirs.
It's later than you think.
It's like deja vu all over again.
It's lucky you're going so slowly, because you're going in the wrong direction.
It's not an optical illusion, it just looks like one.
It's not enough to be Hungarian; you must have talent too.
It's not hard to meet expenses; they're everywhere.
It's not often that you get so much class entertainment outside your bedroom window or outside your bedroom, period.
It's not our job to toughen our children up to face a cruel and heartless world. It's our job to raise children who will make the world a little less cruel and heartless.
It's not reality that's important, but how you perceive things.
It's not that I'm afraid to die. I just don't want to be there when it happens.
It's not the fall that kills you, it's the sudden stop.
It's not what we don't know that gets us into trouble, it's what we know that ain't so.
It's really quite a simple choice: Life, Death, or Los Angeles.
It's smart to pick your friends -- but not to pieces.
It's so humid, you could poach an egg on the sidewalk.
Jacquin's Postulate on Democratic Government:
Jay's First Law:
Jenkinson's Law:
Jesus may love you, but I think you're garbage wrapped in skin.
Jesus was killed by a Moral Majority.
Jizz changes everything. It's science!
John Birch Society -- that pathetic manifestation of organized apoplexy.
Johnson's First Law:
Jones' Law:
Jones' Law of Hierarchical Limits:
Jones' Motto: Friends come and go, but enemies accumulate.
Jones's First Law:
Journalism will kill you, but it will keep you alive while you're at it.
Jury -- Twelve people who determine which client has the better lawyer.
Just because everything is different doesn't mean anything has changed.
Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they AREN'T after you.
Just because your doctor has a name for your condition doesn't mean he knows what it is.
Just give Alice some pencils and she will stay busy for hours.
Just once I'd like to meet an alien menace that isn't immune to bullets.
Just remember: when you go to court, you are trusting your fate to twelve people that weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty!
Just remember: you're not a "dummy," no matter what those computer books claim. The real dummies are the people who -- though technically expert -- couldn't design hardware and software that's usable by normal consumers if their lives depended upon it.
Justice is incidental to law and order.
Justice, like lightning, should ever appear To some men hope, to other men fear.
Justice: A decision in your favor.
Karl's version of Parkinson's Law:
Katz' Law:
Keep emotionally active. Cater to your favorite neurosis.
Keep in mind always the two constant Laws of Frisbee:
"The experienced driver", he says, "will usually know what's wrong."
Ketterling's Law:
Kinkler's First Law:
Kinkler's Second Law:
Klein bottle for rent, apply within.
Know what I hate most? Rhetorical questions.
L'extension des privileges des femmes est le principe general de tous progres sociaux.
Labor, n.:
Lack of skill dictates economy of style.
Lactomangulation, n.:
Laissez Faire Economics is the theory that if each acts like a vulture, all will end as doves.
Largely because it is so tangible and exciting a program and as such will serve to keep alive the interest and enthusiasm of the whole spectrum of society...It is justified because...the program can give a sense of shared adventure and achievement to the society at large.
Larkinson's Law:
Laugh, and the world ignores you. Crying doesn't help either.
Law of Communications:
Law of Computability Applied to Social Sciences:
Law of Probable Dispersal:
Law of Selective Gravity:
Lawrence's Axiom:
Laws of Computer Programming:
(1) Any given program, when running, is obsolete.
(2) Any given program costs more and takes longer.
(3) If a program is useful, it will have to be changed.
(4) If a program is useless, it will have to be documented.
(5) Any given program will expand to fill all available memory.
(6) The value of a program is proportional to the weight of its output.
(7) Program complexity grows until it exceeds the capability of the programmer who must maintain it.
(8) Make it possible for programmers to write programs in English, and you will find that programmers cannot write in English.
Lazlo's Chinese Relativity Axiom:
Lead, follow, or get out of the way.
Learned men are the cisterns of knowledge, not the fountainheads.
Left to themselves, things tend to go from bad to worse.
Leisure can be justified.
Recreation maximizes productive stamina.
Play is not the opposite of work.
Idleness consolidates thought.
Lend money to a bad debtor and he will hate you.
Let He who taketh the Plunge Remember to return it by Tuesday.
Let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage.
Let me play with it first and I'll tell you what it is later.
Let me tell you the truth: The truth is what is. And what should be is a fantasy, a terrible, terrible lie somebody gave the people long ago.
Let not the sands of time get in your lunch.
Let the machine do the dirty work.
Let's give discredit where discredit is due.
Lewis's Law of Travel:
Liar, n.:
Liar: One who tells an unpleasant truth.
Liberty is the mother not the daughter of order.
Lie: A very poor substitute for the truth, but the only one discovered to date.
Lieberman's Law:
Lies written in ink can never disguise facts written in blood. Blood debts must be repaid in kind. The longer the delay, the greater the interest.
Life in a free society is friendly, prosperous, pleasant, cultured, and ever-longer.
Life in the state of nature is solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and short.
Life is a pinball machine. You bounce around for a while, and then you drain.
Life is a whim of several billion cells to be you for a while.
Life is full of surprises when you're up th' stream of consciousness without a paddle...
Life is like an onion: you peel off layer after layer, then you find there is nothing in it.
Life is not one thing after another, it's the same damned thing over and over.
Life is the application of noble and profound ideas to life.
Life is tough, but it's tougher when you're stupid.
Life is wasted on the living.
Life is what happens to you while you are planning to do something else.
Life's greatest gift is natural talent.
Life. Don't talk to me about life.
Like so many Americans, she was trying to construct a life that made sense from things she found in gift shops.
Like the ski resort of girls looking for husbands and husbands looking for girls, the situation is not as symmetrical as it might seem.
Like winter snow on summer lawn, time past is time gone.
Line Printer paper is strongest at the perforations.
listen: there's a hell of a good universe next door;
Live every day like it's your last because someday you'll be right.
Live free or die.
Living on Earth may be expensive, but it includes an annual free trip around the Sun.
Living your life is a task so difficult, it has never been attempted before.
Logic is a little bird, sitting in a tree, that smells awful.
Long computations which yield 0 (zero) are probably all for naught.
Long distance runners break into more pants.
Long life is in store for you.
Look under the sofa cushion; you will be surprised at what you find.
Look, let me explain something to you. I'm not Mr. Lebowski. You're Mr. Lebowski. I'm the Dude. So that's what you call me. That, or His Dudeness  Duder  or El Duderino, if, you know, you're not into the whole brevity thing.
Lord, defend me from my friends; I can account for my enemies.
Los Angeles is a geometropolitan predicament rather than a city. You can no more administer it than you could administer the solar system.
Lots of folks confuse bad management with destiny.
Love and scandal are the best sweeteners of tea.
Love means never having to say, "Put down that meat cleaver."
Love your enemies: they'll go crazy trying to figure out what you're up to.
Lowery's Law:
Lubarsky's Law of Cybernetic Entomology:
Luck is probability taken personally.
Lunatic Asylum: The place where optimism most flourishes.
Lynch's Law:
Machines take me by surprise with great frequency.
Mad, adj.:
Main's Law:
Maintainer's Motto: If we can't fix it, it ain't broke.
Majority: That quality that distinguishes a crime from a law.
Make a wish: it might come true.
Make input easy to proofread
Make it possible for programmers to write in English and you will find the programmers cannot write in English.
Make it right before you make it faster.
Make no little plans. They have no Magic to stir Men's blood.
Make sure all variables are initialized before use.
Make sure comments and code agree.
Make sure your code "does nothing" gracefully.
Making files is easy under the UNIX operating system. Therefore, users tend to create numerous files using large amounts of file space. It has been said that the only standard thing about all UNIX systems is the message-of-the-day telling users to clean up their files.
Malek's Law:
Man is a Generalist. Specialization is for insects.
Man is a rational animal who always loses his temper when he is called upon to act in accordance with the dictates of reason.
Man is a rationalizing animal, not a rational animal.
Man is the best computer we can put aboard a spacecraft ... and the only one that can be mass produced with unskilled labor.
Man rarely reads the handwriting on the wall until he has his back to it.
Man who falls in blast furnace is certain to feel overwrought.
Man who falls in vat of molten optical glass makes spectacle of self.
Man will occasionally stumble over the truth, but most times he will pick himself up and carry on...
Man's horizons are bounded by his vision.
Mankind has yet to devise a rule that never requires exceptions.
Manual, n.:
Many an optimist has become rich by buying out a pessimist.
Many are called, few are chosen. Fewer still get to do the choosing.
Many are called, few volunteer.
Many are cold, but few are frozen.
Many are the wonders of the Universe, and none so wonderful as Mankind!
Many changes of mind and mood; do not hesitate too long.
Many pages make a thick book.
Many receive advice, few profit from it.
Many years ago in a period commonly know as Next Friday Afternoon, there lived a King who was very Gloomy on Tuesday mornings because he was so Sad thinking about how Unhappy he had been on Monday and how completely Mournful he would be on Wednesday ...
Mark's Dental-Chair Discovery:
Marriage is the only adventure open to the cowardly.
Marshall's generalized iceberg theorem: 7/8ths of everything cannot be seen.
Martin's Law of Communication:
Matter cannot be created or destroyed, nor can it be returned without a receipt.
Maturity is only a short break in adolescence.
Maybe Computer Science should be in the College of Theology.
McGowan's Madison Avenue Axiom:
Meader's Law:
Measure with a micrometer. Mark with chalk. Cut with an axe.
Mediocrity thrives on standardization.
Meditation is not what you think.
Meeting, n.:
Memories of you remind me of you.
Memory should be the starting point of the present.
Men love to wonder, and that is the seed of science.
Mencken and Nathan's Fifteenth Law of The Average American:
Mencken and Nathan's Second Law of The Average American:
Menu: A list of dishes which the restaurant has just run out of.
Meskimen's Law:
Might as well be frank, monsieur. It would take a miracle to get you out of Casablanca.
Miksch's Law:
Mile's Law:
Military intelligence is a contradiction in terms.
Military justice is to justice what military music is to music.
Millions long for immortality who do not know what to do with themselves on a rainy Sunday afternoon.
Mirrors should reflect a little before throwing back images.
Misery loves company, but company does not reciprocate.
Miss Wormwood: What state do you live in?
Calvin: Denial.
Miss Wormwood: I don't suppose I can argue with that...
Mistakes are often the stepping stones to utter failure.
Mister Ranger isn't gonna like it, Yogi.
Mitchell's Law of Committees:
Modern man is the missing link between the apes and humans.
Modesty is an ornament, but you go further without it.
Modesty is of no use to a beggar.
Mollison's Bureaucracy Hypothesis: If an idea can survive a bureaucratic review and be implemented it wasn't worth doing.
Money is like a sixth sense, and you can't use the other five without it.
Money, not morality, is the principle commerce of civilized nations.
Morality is one thing. Ratings are everything.
More than any time in history, mankind now faces a crossroads. One path leads to despair and utter hopelessness, the other to total extinction. Let us pray that we have the wisdom to choose correctly.
Moses supposes his toeses are roses, but Moses supposes erroneously.
Mosher's Law of Software Engineering:
Most legislators are so dumb that they couldn't pour piss out of a boot if the instructions were printed on the heel.
Most of you are familiar with the virtues of a programmer. There are three, of course: laziness, impatience, and hubris.
Mother told me to be good, but she's been wrong before.
Mr. Cole's Axiom:
Mr. Ranger isn't gonna like it, Yogi.
Mrs Podgorny: Angus how are y'going to get 48,000,000 kilts into the van? Angus: I'll have t'do it in two goes.
Muddy water let stand will clear.
Murphy's Law is recursive. Washing your car to make it rain doesn't work.
Murphy's Law of Research:
My answer is, bring them on.
My grandson has learned how to hold and carry the cat. He has also learned how to flush the toilet. I can't help but believe that in the not-too-distant future there will be another lesson in store for him.
My head is bloodied, but unbowed.
My life is so fucking miserable that I don't know whether I was born or if Morrissey just sang me into existence.
My mother is a fish.
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.
My past is my own.
Naeser's Law:
Natural gas is hemispheric. I like to call it hemispheric in nature, because it is a product what we can find in our neighborhoods.
Natural selection won't matter soon, not anywhere as much as concious selection. We will civilize and alter ourselves to suit our ideas of what we can be. Within one more human lifespan, we will have changed ourselves unrecognizably.
Necessity is a mother.
Neil Armstrong to Walter Cronkite: "Well, Walter, I believe that the Good Lord gave us a finite number of heartbeats and I'm damned if I'm going to use up mine running up and down a street."
Neil Armstrong tripped.
Never be led astray onto the path of virtue.
Never call a man a fool; borrow from him.
Never count your chickens before they rip your lips off.
Never insult an alligator until you have crossed the river.
Never invest your money in anything that eats or needs painting.
Never lick a gift horse in the mouth.
Never put off until tomorrow what you can avoid altogether.
Never say you know a man until you have divided an inheritance with him.
Never throw a bird at a dragon.
Never count your chickens until they rip your lips off.
New Year's Eve is the time of year when a man most feels his age, and his wife most often reminds him to act it.
New York... when civilization falls apart, remember, we were way ahead of you.
New boots, big steps.
New systems generate new problems.
Newlan's Truism:
Newton's Fourth Law:
Newton's Little-Known Seventh Law:
Next Friday will not be your lucky day. As a matter of fact, you don't have a lucky day this year.
Next Wednesday you will be presented with a great opportunity.
Next to being shot at and missed, nothing is really quite as satisfying as an income tax refund.
Nihil tam munitum quod non expugnari pecunia possit. (No fort is so strong that it cannot be taken with money.)
Nihilism should commence with oneself.
No amount of genius can overcome a preoccupation with detail.
No guts, no glory.
No man was ever taken to hell by a woman unless he already had a ticket in his pocket, or at least had been fooling around with timetables.
No man's life, liberty, or property is safe while the Legislature is in session.
No matter how cynical you get, it's impossible to keep up.
No matter where you go, there you are.
No one can feel as helpless as the owner of a sick goldfish.
No one is fit to be trusted with power. ... No one. ... Any man who has lived at all knows the follies and wickedness he's capable of. ... And if he does know it, he knows also that neither he nor any man ought to be allowed to decide a single human fate.
No one is talking behind your back as far as you know.
No one who accepts the sovereignty of truth can be a foot soldier in a party or movement. He will always find himself out of step.
No one's happiness but my own is in my power to achieve or to destroy.
No problem is insoluble in all conceivable circumstances.
No problem is so formidable that you can't just walk away from it.
No problem is so large it can't be fit in somewhere.
No, 'tis not so deep as a well, nor so wide as a church-door; but 'tis enough, 'twill serve: ask for me to-morrow, and you shall find me a grave man.
No user-serviceable parts inside. Refer to qualified service personnel.
Nobody can be as agreeable as an uninvited guest.
Nobody can be exactly like me. Even I have trouble doing it.
Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition.
Nobody wants constructive criticism. It's all we can do to put up with constructive praise.
Non-Reciprocal Laws of Expectations:
None love the bearer of bad news.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
Nothing astonishes men so much as common sense and plain dealing.
Nothing cures insomnia like the realization that it's time to get up.
Nothing ever becomes real till it is experienced -- even a proverb is no proverb to you till your life has illustrated it.
Nothing in progression can rest on its original plan. We may as well think of rocking a grown man in the cradle of an infant.
Nothing is as repulsive as phoniness; conversely, nothing is as magnetic as reality.
Nothing is done until nothing is done.
Nothing is easier than to denounce the evildoer; nothing is more difficult than to understand him.
Nothing is illegal if one hundred businessmen decide to do it.
Nothing is so contagious as enthusiasm: It moves stones, and it charms brutes.
Nothing recedes like success.
Now and then an innocent man is sent to the Legislature.
Numeric stability is probably not all that important when you're guessing.
O'Riordan's Theorem:
Purmal's Corollary:
O'Toole's Commentary on Murphy's Law:
Objects on your screen are closer than they appear.
Ocean, n.:
Of all the animals, the boy is the most unmanageable.
Of all the tyrannies that affect mankind, tyranny in religion is the worst.
Of course there's no reason for it, it's just our policy.
Of course, someone who knows more about this will correct me if I'm wrong, and someone who knows less will correct me if I'm right.
Ogden's Law:
Oh dear, I think you'll find reality's on the blink again.
Oh, well, I guess this is just going to be one of those lifetimes.
Old MacDonald had an agricultural real estate tax abatement.
Old age is the most unexpected of things that can happen to a man.
Old programmers never die. They just branch to a new address.
Oliver's First Law of Computing:
On a clear disk you can seek forever.
On our campus the UNIX system has proved to be not only an effective software tool, but an agent of technical and social change within the University.
Once ... in the wilds of Afghanistan, I lost my corkscrew, and we were forced to live on nothing but food and water for days.
One Page Principle: A specification that will not fit on one page of 8.5x11- inch paper cannot be understood.
One becomes a critic when one cannot be an artist, just as a man becomes a stool pigeon when he cannot be a soldier.
One can't proceed from the informal to the formal by formal means.
One difference between a man and a machine is that a machine is quiet when well oiled.
One friend in a lifetime is much; two are many; three are hardly possible. Friendship needs a certain parallelism of life, a community of thought, a rivalry of aim.
One good reason why computers can do more work than people is that they never have to stop and answer the phone.
One man tells a falsehood, a hundred repeat it as true.
One may be able to quibble about the quality of a single experiment, or about the veracity of a given experimenter, but, taking all the supportive experiments together, the weight of evidence is so strong as readily to merit a wise man's reflection.
One millihelen: the unit of beauty required to launch just one ship
One of the most misleading representational techniques in our language is the use of the word "I".
One seldom sees a monument to a committee.
One thing the inventors can't seem to get the bugs out of is fresh paint.
One way to stop a runaway horse is to bet on him.
One's mind, stretched to a new idea, never goes back to its original dimension.
Only God can make random selections.
Opinions are like assholes: everyone's got one, but nobody wants to look at the other guy's.
Optimists say the glass is half full, pessimists say the glass is half empty, engineers say the glass is twice as big as it needs to be.
Optimization hinders evolution.
Optimization is not some mystical state of grace, it is an intricate act of human labor which carries real costs and real risks.
Ordinary people: I fuckin' hate 'em.
Oregon, n.:
Organic chemistry is the chemistry of carbon compounds.
Biochemistry is the study of carbon compounds that crawl.
Osborn's Law:
Our journeys to the stars will be made on spaceships created by determined, hardworking scientists and engineers applying the principles of science, not aboard flying saucers piloted by little gray aliens from some other dimension.
Our liberty depends upon the freedom of the press, and that cannot be limited without being lost.
Our policy is, when in doubt, do the right thing.
Out of body, back in five minutes.
Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog, it is too dark to read.
Overdrawn? But I still have checks left!
Overflow on /dev/null, please empty the bit bucket.
Overload -- core meltdown sequence initiated.
PHP is a minor evil perpetrated and created by incompetent amateurs, whereas Perl is a great and insidious evil perpetrated by skilled but perverted professionals.
Paranoia doesn't mean the whole world really isn't out to get you.
Paranoia is simply an optimistic outlook on life.
Paranoids are people, too; they have their own problems. It's easy to criticize, but if everybody hated you, you'd be paranoid too.
Parking fees that Universal Studios collected from picketers of "The Last Temptation of Christ": $4,500
Parkinson's Fifth Law:
Parkinson's Fourth Law:
Parkinson's Law:
Parts that positively cannot be assembled in improper order will be.
Benford's Law of Controversy:
Passionate hatred can give meaning and purpose to an empty life.
Patience, n. A minor form of despair, disguised as a virtue.
Patriotism is the virtue of the vicious.
Pay no attention to that man behind the curtains.
Peace: a period of cheating between two wars.
People are very flexible and learn to adjust to strange surroundings -- they can become accustomed to reading Lisp and Fortran programs, for example.
People get lost in thought because it is unfamiliar territory.
People often find it easier to be a result of the past than a cause of the future.
People think it must be fun to be a super genius, but they don't realize how hard it is to put up with all the idiots in the world.
People usually get what's coming to them ... unless it's been mailed.
People who claim they don't let little things bother them have never slept in a room with a single mosquito.
People who have no faults are terrible; there is no way of taking advantage of them.
People who look down on other people do not end up being looked up to.
People will accept your ideas much more readily if you tell them that Benjamin Franklin said it first.
People will buy anything that's one to a customer.
Pereant, inquit, qui ante nos nostra dixerunt.
(Confound those who have said our remarks before us.)
Perfection is achieved only on the point of collapse.
Perpetuo vincit qui utitur clementia. (He is forever victor who employs clemency.)
Peter's Law of Substitution:
Philogyny recapitulates erogeny; erogeny recapitulates philogyny.
Philosophy: Unintelligible answers to insoluble problems.
Pi seconds is a nanocentury.
Pioneering basically amounts to finding new and more horrible ways to die
Plagiarism is basic to all culture.
Plan ahead: it was not raining when Noah built the ark.
Please don't ask me what the score is. I'm not even sure what the game is.
Please don't lie to me, unless you're absolutely sure I'll never find out the truth.
Please go away.
Please ignore previous fortune.
Please try to limit the amount of `this room doesn't have any bazingas' until you are told that those rooms are `punched out.' Once punched out, we have a right to complain about atrocities, missing bazingas, and such.
Please update your programs.
Poetry is nobody's business except the poet's, and everybody else can fuck off.
Pohl's law:
Police up your spare rounds and frags. Don't leave nothin' for the dinks.
Political T.V. commercials prove one thing: some candidates can tell all their good points and qualifications in just 30 seconds.
Politician, n.:
Poor is the pupil who does not surpass his master.
Positive, adj.:
Power is poison.
Power, n: The only narcotic regulated by the SEC instead of the FDA.
Practice is the best of all instructors.
Predestination was doomed from the start.
Prediction is very difficult, especially of the future.
Preserve the old, but know the new.
Preudhomme's Law of Window Cleaning:
Prevalent beliefs that knowledge can be tapped from previous incarnations or from a "universal mind" (the repository of all past wisdom and creativity) not only are implausible but also unfairly demean the stunning achievements of individual human brains.
Prevent security leaks.
Pro is to Con as Progress is to Congress.
Probably the best operating system in the world is [the operating system] made for the PDP-11 by Bell Laboratories.
Proclaim liberty throughout the land and to all the inhabitants thereof.
Programming is an art form that fights back.
Programming is like sex: one mistake and you're providing support for a lifetime.
Progress is nothing but the victory of laughter over dogma.
Promptness is its own reward If one lives by the clock instead of the sword.
Pronounce your prepositions, dammit!
Proper attention to Earthly needs of the poor, the depressed and the downtrodden, would naturally evolve from dynamic, articulate, spirited awareness of the great goals for Man and the society he conspired to erect.
Pull yourself together; things are not all that bad.
Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust.
Put your trust in those who are worthy.
Putt's Law:
Q. What's all wrinkled and hangs out your underwear?
A. Your mom!
Q: Why do trans-atlantic transfers take so long?
A: Electrons don't swim very fast.
Q: How do you play religious roulette?
A: You stand around in a circle and blaspheme and see who gets struck by lightning first.
Q: How many DEC repairman does it take to fix a flat ?
A: Five; four to hold the car up and one to swap tires.
Q: How many IBM CPUs does it take to execute a job?
A: Four; three to hold it down, and one to rip its head off.
Q: How many IBM CPUs does it take to do a logical right shift?
A: 33. 1 to hold the bits and 32 to push the register.
Q: How many IBM types does it take to change a light bulb?
Q: How many Martians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A: One and a half.
Q: How many Oregonians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A: Three. One to screw in the lightbulb and two to fend off all those Californians trying to share the experience.
Q: How many existentialists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A: Two. One to screw it in and one to observe how the lightbulb itself symbolizes a single incandescent beacon of subjective reality in a netherworld of endless absurdity reaching out toward a maudlin cosmos of nothingness.
Q: How many journalists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Q: How many Pro-Lifers does it take to change a light bulb?
A: Two. One to screw it in and one to say that light started when the screwing began.
Q: How many supply-siders does it take to change a light bulb?
A: None. The darkness will cause the light bulb to change by itself.
Q: How many surrealists does it take to change a light bulb?
A: Two. One to hold the giraffe and the other to fill the bathtub with brightly-colored power tools.
Q. How many psychiatrists does it take to change a light bulb?
A. Only one, but it takes a really long time and the light bulb has to want to change.
Q: What do you do with an elephant with three balls?
A: Walk him and pitch to the rhino.
Q: Why did the tachyontac cross the road?
A: Because it was on the other side.
Q: Why do mountain climbers rope themselves together?
A: To prevent the sensible ones from going home.
Quantity is no substitute for quality, but it's the only one we've got.
Quoth the Raven, "Never mind."
Quotations are for people who are not saying things worth quoting.
Quoting one is plagiarism. Quoting many is research.
Rational people don't go stomping around demanding that the world be perfect for them.
READ UNHAPPY - MAKNAM
Romeo: Courage, man; the hurt cannot be much.
Mercutio: No, 'tis not so deep as a well, nor so wide as a church.
Rage, rage, against the dying of the light!
Rarely is the question asked: Is our children learning?
Ray's Rule of Precision:
Re: graphics: A picture is worth 10K words -- but only those to describe the picture. Hardly any sets of 10K words can be adequately described with pictures.
Reading is thinking with someone else's head instead of one's own.
Real Programmers don't play tennis, or any other sport that requires you to change clothes. Mountain climbing is OK, and real programmers wear their climbing boots to work in case a mountain should suddenly spring up in the middle of the machine room.
Real Programmers think better when playing Adventure or Rogue.
Real Programs don't use shared text. Otherwise, how can they use functions for scratch space after they are finished calling them?
Real Time, adj.:
Real wealth can only increase.
Receiving a million dollars tax free will make you feel better than being flat broke and having a stomach ache.
Recent investments will yield a slight profit.
Regardless of the legal speed limit, your Buick must be operated at speeds faster than 85 MPH (140k/h).
Reliable software must kill people reliably.
Religions revolve madly around sexual questions.
Religious bondage shackles and debilitates the mind and unfits it for every noble enterprise.
Remember that whatever misfortune may be your lot, it could only be worse in Cleveland.
Remember: You cannot drain the ocean with a teaspoon.
Removing the error messages "now that the program is working" is like wearing a parachute on the ground, but taking it off once you're in the air.
Render unto Caesar if line 54 is larger than line 62.
Replace repetitive expressions by calls to a common function.
Reporter, n.:
Research is what I'm doing when I don't know what I'm doing.
Resisting temptation is easier when you think you'll probably get another chance later on.
Revolution is the opiate of the intellectuals.
Ride the tributaries to reach the sea.
Rocky's Lemma of Innovation Prevention Unless the results are known in advance, funding agencies will reject the proposal.
Rudin's Law:
Rule of Feline Frustration:
Rule of the Great:
Rules for driving in New York:
SCCS, the source motel! Programs check in and never check out!
Saints should always be judged guilty until they are proven innocent.
Salad is what food eats.
Satire does not look pretty upon a tombstone.
Sattinger's Law:
Saying that Java is nice because it works on all OSes is like saying that anal sex is nice because it works on all genders.
Schapiro's Explanation: The grass is always greener on the other side -- but that's because they use more manure.
Science has proof without any certainty. Creationists have certainty without any proof.
Science is what happens when preconception meets verification.
Scott's First Law:
Scott's Second Law:
See, in my line of work you got to keep repeating things over and over and over again for the truth to sink in, to kind of catapult the propaganda.
Seminars, n.:
Semper ubi sub ubi.
Serocki's Stricture: Marriage is always a bachelor's last option.
Sex is the mathematics urge sublimated.
Sex is the poor man's opera.
Sex without love is an empty experience, but, as empty experiences go, it's one of the best.
Shake hands with your mother again.
Shaw's Principle:
She hates testicles, thus limiting the men she can admire to Democratic candidates for president.
She missed an invaluable opportunity to give him a look that you could have poured on a waffle ...
Short words are best, and the old words when short are best of all.
Show business is just like high school, except you get paid.
Show me a man who is a good loser and I'll show you a man who is playing golf with his boss.
Silverman's Law:
Simon's Law:
Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all.
Skinner's Constant (or Flannagan's Finagling Factor): That quantity which, when multiplied by, divided by, added to, or subtracted from the answer you get, gives you the answer you should have gotten.
Slime is the agony of water.
So far as I can remember, there is not one word in the Gospels in praise of intelligence.
So we follow our wandering paths, and the very darkness acts as our guide and our doubts serve to reassure us.
So why don't you make like a tree, and get outta here.
Socialism is power, power, and more power.
Society is the presumption of habit over instinct.
Sodd's Second Law:
Software suppliers are trying to make their software packages more 'user-friendly'.... Their best approach, so far, has been to take all the old brochures, and stamp the words, 'user-friendly' on the cover.
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go.
Some grow with responsibility, others just swell.
Some men are discovered; others are found out.
Some people are born mediocre, some people achieve mediocrity, and some people have mediocrity thrust upon them.
Some people fall for everything and stand for nothing.
Some people hope to achieve immortality through their works or their children. I would prefer to achieve it by not dying.
Some people in this department wouldn't recognize subtlety if it hit them on the head.
Some people like my advice so much that they frame it upon the wall instead of using it
Sometimes I wonder if men and women really suit each other. Perhaps they should live next door and just visit now and then.
Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world.
Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar.
Sometimes the only solution is to find a new problem.
Sometimes the only way out of a difficulty is through it.
Sometimes, too long is too long.
Spark's Sixth Rule for Managers:
Speak softly and carry a +6 two-handed sword.
Spiritual leadership should remain spiritual leadership and the temporal power should not become too important in any church.
Stability itself is nothing else than a more sluggish motion.
Stay out of the road, if you want to grow old.
Steinbach's Guideline for Systems Programming Never test for an error condition you don't know how to handle.
Stock brokers invest your money until it's all gone.
Stop searching. Happiness is right next to you. Now, if it'd only take a bath.
Stult's Report: Our problems are mostly behind us. What we have to do now is fight the solutions.
Stupidity, like virtue, is its own reward.
Sturgeon's Law:
Success is a journey, not a destination.
Success is not free. Neither is failure.
Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm.
Success is what happens when something goes right.
Successful and fortunate crime is called virtue.
Succumb to natural tendencies. Be hateful and boring.
Superiority is always detested.
Sure there are dishonest men in local government. But there are dishonest men in national government too.
Swipple's Rule of Order:
TV is chewing gum for the eyes.
Tact is the ability to tell a man he has an open mind when he has a hole in his head.
Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy.
Tact is the great ability to see other people as they think you see them.
Tact, n.:
Take care of the luxuries and the necessities will take care of themselves.
Take everything in stride. Trample anyone who gets in your way.
Take heart amid the deepening gloom that your dog is finally getting enough cheese.
Take my word for it, the silliest woman can manage a clever man, but it needs a very clever woman to manage a fool.
Take what you can use and let the rest go by.
Tax reform means "Don't tax you, don't tax me, tax that fellow behind the tree."
Teach a child to be polite and courteous in the home, and, when he grows up, he will never be able to edge his car onto a freeway.
Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going backwards.
Tell a man that there are 300 billion stars in the universe, and he'll believe you.... Tell him that a bench has wet paint upon it and he'll have to touch it to be sure.
Ten years of rejection slips is nature's way of telling you to stop writing.
Than self restraint, there is nothing better.
That 150 lawyers should do business together ought not to be expected.
That government is best which governs least.
That government is best which governs not at all.
That man is richest whose pleasures are cheapest.
That which is not good for the swarm, neither is it good for the bee.
That's the thing about people who think they hate computers. What they really hate is lousy programmers.
The Abrams' Principle: The shortest distance between two points is off the wall.
The Briggs/Chase Law of Program Development:
The English have no respect for their language, and will not teach their children to speak it.
The Fifth Rule:
The IQ of the group is the lowest IQ of a member of the group divided by the number of people in the group.
The Idea is like grass. It craves light, likes crowds, thrives on cross-breeding, grows better for being stepped on.
The Kennedy Constant: Don't get mad -- get even.
The Law of Software Envelopment (at MIT):
The Law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich, as well as the poor, to sleep under the bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread.
The Official MBA Handbook on business cards: Avoid overly pretentious job titles such as "Lord of the Realm, Defender of the Faith, Emperor of India" or "Director of Corporate Planning".
The real art of conversation is not only to say the right thing at the right place but to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment.
The Roman Rule:
The Swartzberg Test: The validity of a science is its ability to predict.
The Third Law of Photography:
The Tree of Learning bears the noblest fruit, but noble fruit tastes bad.
The United States has entered an anti-intellectual phase in its history, perhaps most clearly seen in our virtually thought-free political life.
[The Ford Foundation] is a large body of money completely surrounded by people who want some.
The advertisement is the most truthful part of a newspaper
The ambassador and the general were briefing me on the -- the vast majority of Iraqis want to live in a peaceful, free world. And we will find these people and we will bring them to justice.
The angels wanna wear my red shoes.
The applause of a single human being is of great consequence.
The attacker must vanquish; the defender need only survive.
The attention span of a computer is as long as its electrical cord.
The author should gaze at Noah, and ... learn, as they did in the Ark, to crowd a great deal of matter into a very small compass.
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think.
The best cure for anger is delay.
The best prophet of the future is the past.
The best that we can do is to be kindly and helpful toward our friends and fellow passengers who are clinging to the same speck of dirt while we are drifting side by side to our common doom.
The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit.
The best thing about growing older is that it takes such a long time.
The best way to break a bad habit is to drop it.
The better part of maturity is knowing your goals.
The biggest difference between time and space is that you can't reuse time.
The chain that can be yanked is not the cosmic chain.
The chicken that clucks the loudest is the one most likely to show up at the steam fitters' picnic.
The chief barrier to happiness is envy.
The chief cause of problems is solutions.
The city of the dead antedates the city of the living.
The clothes have no emperor.
The complexity of software is an essential property, not an accidental one. Hence, descriptions of a software entity that abstract away its complexity often abstract away its essence.
The computing field is always in need of new cliches.
The connection between the language in which we think/program and the problems and solutions we can imagine is very close. For this reason restricting language features with the intent of eliminating programmer errors is at best dangerous.
The cost of living hasn't affected its popularity.
The cost of living is going up, and the chance of living is going down.
The country needs and, unless I mistake its temper, the country demands bold, persistent experimentation.
The cow is nothing but a machine which makes grass fit for us people to eat.
The day-to-day travails of the IBM programmer are so amusing to most of us who are fortunate enough never to have been one -- like watching Charlie Chaplin trying to cook a shoe.
The debate rages on: Is PL/I Bachtrian or Dromedary?
The decision didn't have to be logical, it was unanimous.
The devil finds work for idle circuits to do.
The difference between Genius and Stupidity is that Genius has limits.
The difference between science and the fuzzy subjects is that science requires reasoning while those other subjects merely require scholarship.
The difference between sympathy and empathy is three letters: "yes".
The divinity of Jesus is made a convenient cover for absurdity. Nowhere in the Gospels do we find a precept for Creeds, Confessions, Oaths, Doctrines, and whole carloads of other foolish trumpery that we find in Christianity.
The earth is like a tiny grain of sand, only much, much heavier.
The end move in politics is always to pick up a gun.
The end of labor is to gain leisure.
The end of the world will occur at 3:00 p.m., this Friday, with symposium to follow.
The envious man grows lean at the success of his neighbor.
The evolution of the human race will not be accomplished in the ten thousand years of tame animals, but in the million years of wild animals, because man is and will always be a wild animal.
The existence of god implies a violation of causality.
The fact that it works is immaterial.
The famous politician was trying to save both his faces.
The fancy is indeed no other than a mode of memory emancipated from the order of space and time.
The fault lies not with our technologies but with our systems.
The finest eloquence is that which gets things done.
The first and great commandment is: Do not let them scare you.
The first duty of a revolutionary is to get away with it.
The first rule of intelligent tinkering is to save all the parts.
The flow chart is a most thoroughly oversold piece of program documentation.
The flush toilet is the basis of Western civilization.
The following statement is true.
The previous statement is false.
The fountain code has been tightened slightly so you can no longer dip objects into a fountain or drink from one while you are floating in mid-air due to levitation.
Teleporting to hell via a teleportation trap will no longer occur if the character does not have fire resistance.
The fourth law of thermodynamics:
The fundamentalists, by "knowing" the answers before they start [examining evolution], and then forcing nature into the straitjacket of their discredited preconceptions, lie outside the domain of science -- or of any honest intellectual inquiry.
The future isn't what it used to be. (It never was.)
The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to chance.
The gentlemen looked one another over with microscopic carelessness.
The goal of Computer Science is to build something that will last at least until we've finished building it.
The goal of science is to build better mousetraps.
The goal of nature is to build better mice.
The government of the United States is not in any sense founded on the Christian Religion.
The greatest of faults is to be conscious of none.
The greatest warriors are the ones who fight for peace.
The hand that rocks the cradle can also cradle a rock.
The hardest thing to open is a closed mind.
The heart has no rainbows when the eye has no tears.
The hell with the Prime Directive: let's kill something.
The herd instinct among economists makes sheep look like independent thinkers.
The human animal differs from the lesser primates in his passion for lists of "Ten Best".
The human mind ordinarily operates at only ten percent of its capacity
The human mind treats a new idea the way the body treats a strange protein -- it rejects it.
The hypothesis: Amid a wash of paper, a small number of documents become the critical pivots around which every project's management revolves. These are the manager's chief personal tools.
The idea that Bill Gates has appeared like a knight in shining armour to lead all customers out of a mire of technological chaos neatly ignores the fact that it was he who, by peddling second-rate technology, led them into it in the first place.
The ideal is impossible. The idea of the ideal is essential.
The individual choice of garnishment of a burger can be an important point to the consumer in this day when individualism is an increasingly important thing to people.
The Internet? Is that thing still around?
The Internet is the most powerful stupidity amplifier ever invented. Its like television without the television part.
The lame in the path outstrip the swift who wander from it.
The last thing one knows in constructing a work is what to put first.
The life of a repo man is always intense.
The life of money-making is one undertaken under compulsion, and wealth is evidently not the good we are seeking, for it is merely useful for the sake of something else.
The life which is unexamined is not worth living.
The light at the end of the tunnel is the headlight of an approaching train.
The lion and the calf shall lie down together but the calf won't get much sleep.
The longer I am out of office, the more infallible I appear to myself.
The love of money is only one among many.
The luck that is ordained for you will be coveted by others.
The main thing is the play itself. I swear that greed for money has nothing to do with it, although heaven knows I am sorely in need of money.
The man scarce lives who is not more credulous than he ought to be. ...
The natural disposition is always to believe. It is acquired wisdom and experience only that teach incredulity, and they very seldom teach it enough.
The man who follows the crowd will usually get no further than the crowd. The man who walks alone is likely to find himself in places no one has ever been.
The man who makes no mistakes does not usually make anything.
The marvels of today's modern technology include the development of a soda can, when discarded will last forever; and a $20,000 car which, when properly cared for, will rust out in two or three years.
The meek are contesting the will.
The meek shall inherit the earth -- they are too weak to refuse.
The meek shall inherit the earth, but not its mineral rights.
The meek shall inherit the earth. The rest of us will go to the stars.
The meek will inherit the Earth..... The rest of us will go to the stars.
The mistake you make is in trying to figure it out.
The moon may be smaller than Earth, but it's further away.
The more laws and order are made prominent, the more thieves and robbers there will be.
The more things change, the more they stay insane.
The more things change, the more they'll never be the same again.
The more we disagree, the more chance there is that at least one of us is right.
The mosquito is the state bird of New Jersey.
The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not "Eureka!" (I found it!) but "That's funny ..."
The most merciful thing in the world ... is the inability of the human mind to correlate all its contents.
The new Congressmen say they're going to turn the government around. I hope I don't get run over again.
The next six days are dangerous.
The nice thing about standards is that there are so many of them to choose from.
The notion of a "record" is an obsolete remnant of the days of the 80-column card.
The older a man gets, the farther he had to walk to school as a boy.
The one charm of marriage is that it makes a life of deception a necessity.
The one good thing about repeating your mistakes is that you know when to cringe.
The only difference between a rut and a grave is the depth.
The only good bug is a dead bug.
But the best bug is the one that wasn't there to begin with.
The only possible interpretation of any research whatever in the `social sciences' is: some do, some don't.
The only problem with being a man of leisure is that you can never stop and take a rest.
The only things worth learning are the things you learn after you know it all.
The only thing to do with good advice is pass it on. It is never any use to oneself.
The only way to amuse some people is to slip and fall on an icy pavement.
The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it.
The only way to learn a new programming language is by writing programs in it.
The opossum is a very sophisticated animal. It doesn't even get up until 5 or 6 pm.
The opposite of a correct statement is a false statement. But the opposite of a profound truth may well be another profound truth.
The opposite of a profound truth may well be another profound truth.
The optimum committee has no members.
The past always looks better than it was. It's only pleasant because it isn't here.
The personal computer market is about the same size as the total potato chip market. Next year it will be about half the size of the pet food market and is fast approaching the total worldwide sales of pantyhose
The plural of spouse is spice.
The police are not there to create disorder. The police are there to preserve disorder.
The power to destroy a planet is insignificant when compared to the power of the Force.
The price one pays for pursuing any profession, or calling, is an intimate knowledge of its ugly side.
The probability of someone watching you is directly proportional to the stupidity of your action.
The problem with any unwritten law is that you don't know where to go to erase it.
The problem with being best man at a wedding is that you never get a chance to prove it.
The problem with people who have no vices is that generally you can be pretty sure they're going to have some pretty annoying virtues.
The problem with the gene pool is that there is no lifeguard.
The program is absolutely right; therefore the computer must be wrong.
The purpose of most meetings seems to be to get as much human meat as possible into one room.
The race is not always to the swift, nor the battle to the strong -- but that's the way to bet.
The rain it raineth on the just And also on the unjust fella,
But chiefly on the just, because The unjust steals the just's umbrella.
The reason computer chips are so small is computers don't eat much.
The reason we struggle with insecurity is because we compare our behind-the-scenes with everyone else's highlight reel.
The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man.
The revolution will not be televised.
The reward of a thing well done is to have done it.
The right half of the brain controls the left half of the body.
This means that only left handed people are in their right mind.
This means that only left-handed people are in their right minds.
The road to to success is always under construction.
The secret cement of any organization is trust.
The shell must break before the bird can fly.
The shortest distance between two points is under construction.
The silly question is the first intimation of some totally new development.
The so-called "desktop metaphor" of today's workstations is instead an "airplane-seat" metaphor. Anyone who has shuffled a lap full of papers while seated between two portly passengers will recognize the difference -- one can see only a very few things at once.
The solution to a problem changes the problem.
The sooner all the animals are extinct, the sooner we'll find their money.
The soul would have no rainbow had the eyes no tears.
The steady state of disks is full.
The study of theology, as it stands in the Christian churches, is the study of nothing; it is founded on nothing; it rests on no principles; it proceeds by no authority; it has no data; it can demonstrate nothing; and it admits of no conclusion.
The subject matter of research is no longer nature in itself, but nature subjected to human questioning . . .
The sun was shining on the sea,
Shining with all his might:
He did his very best to make The billows smooth and bright --
And this was very odd, because it was The middle of the night.
The superfluous is very necessary.
The sweetest of all sounds is praise.
The Three Laws of Thermodynamics The First Law:
The Second Law:
The Third Law:
The time is right to make new friends.
The trouble with a kitten is that When it grows up, it's always a cat
The trouble with being poor is that it takes up all your time.
The trouble with being punctual is that people think you have nothing more important to do.
The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was.
The trouble with programmers is that you can never tell what a programmer is doing until it's too late.
The trouble with us in America isn't that the poetry of life has turned to prose, but that it has turned to advertising copy.
The truth is that all those having power ought to be mistrusted.
The truth of a proposition has nothing to do with its credibility. And vice versa.
The typical page layout program is nothing more than an electronic light table for cutting and pasting documents.
The universe is laughing behind your back.
The unnatural, that too is natural.
The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should, therefore, be regarded as a criminal offense.
The way to make a small fortune in the stock market is to start with a large one.
The Web is like a dominatrix. Everywhere I turn, I see little buttons ordering me to Submit.
The whole earth is in jail and we're plotting this incredible jailbreak.
The wife you save may be your own.
The wise shepherd never trusts his flock to a smiling wolf.
The world is a fantasy, so let's find out about it.
The world is coming to an end. Please log off.
[The World Wide Web is] the only thing I know of whose shortened form -- www -- takes three times longer to say than what it's short for.
The world is divided into two kinds of people: those who think the world is divided into two kinds of people and those who do not.
The world is no nursery.
The world looks as if it has been left in the custody of trolls.
The world will not recognize your talent until you demonstrate it.
The world's as ugly as sin,
And almost as delightful
The worst form of failure is the failure to try.
The years of peak mental activity are undoubtedly between the ages of four and eighteen. At four we know all the questions, at eighteen all the answers.
Theorem: A cat has nine tails. Proof: No cat has eight tails. A cat has one tail more than no cat. Therefore, a cat has nine tails.
There ain't no such thing as a free lunch.
There are 10 types of people who understand binary: The ones who do, and the ones who don't.
There are a lot of lies going around.... and half of them are true.
There are four kinds of homicide: felonious, excusable, justifiable, and praiseworthy ...
There are no bugs, only unrecognized features.
There are no giant crabs in here, Frank.
There are no saints, only unrecognized villains.
There are only two kinds of programming languages: those people always bitch about and those nobody uses.
There are some micro-organisms that exhibit characteristics of both plants and animals. When exposed to light they undergo photosynthesis; and when the lights go out, they turn into animals. But then again, don't we all?
There are 10 kinds of people. Those who know binary and those who don't.
There are things that are so serious that you can only joke about them.
There are three kinds of lies: Lies, Damn Lies, and Statistics.
There are three ways to get something done: do it yourself, hire someone, or forbid your kids to do it.
There are two novels that can change a bookish fourteen-year old's life:
"The Lord of the Rings" and "Atlas Shrugged". One is a childish fantasy that often engenders a lifelong obsession with its unbelievable heroes, leading to an emotionally stunted, socially crippled adulthood, unable to deal with the real world. The other, of course, involves orcs.
There are two ways of constructing a software design. One way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies and the other is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies.
There are two ways to write error-free programs. Only the third one works.
There are two ways to be fooled. One is to believe what isn't true. The other is to refuse to accept what is true.
There are very few personal problems that cannot be solved through a suitable application of high explosives.
There can be no offense where none is taken.
There cannot be a crisis next week. My schedule is already full.
There has been an alarming increase in the number of things you know nothing about.
There is a bear following you around.
There is a decivilizing bug somewhere at work; unconsciously persons of stern worth, by not resenting and resisting the small indignities of the times, are preparing themselves for the eventual acceptance of what they themselves know they don't want.
There is a great discovery still to be made in Literature: that of paying literary men by the quantity they do NOT write.
There is no "Complete Idiot's Guide to Creationism," but perhaps one is not needed.
There is no excuse for the use of the word "synergies" on any project where common sense and straight talking are the norm.
There is some sort of perverse pleasure in knowing that it's basically impossible to send a piece of hate mail through the Internet without its being touched by a gay program. That's kind of funny.
There is one safeguard known generally to the wise, which is an advantage and security to all, but especially to democracies as against despots. What is it? Distrust.
There is a time in the tides of men,
Which, taken at its flood, leads on to success.
On the other hand, don't count on it.
There is danger in delaying, good fortune in acting.
There is no heavier burden than a great potential.
There is no idea so sacred that it cannot be questioned, analyzed... and ridiculed.
There is no satisfaction in hanging a man who does not object to it
There is no statute of limitations on stupidity.
There is no substitute for good manners, except, perhaps, fast reflexes.
There is no such thing as not enough time if you are doing what you want to do.
There is no such thing as pure pleasure; some anxiety always goes with it.
There is no time like the pleasant.
There is no time like the present for postponing what you ought to be doing.
There is nothing in this world constant but inconstancy.
There is nothing so deadly as not to hold up to people the opportunity to do great and wonderful things, if we wish to stimulate them in an active way.
There is only one thing in the world worse than being talked about, and that is not being talked about.
There is so much sand in Northern Africa that if it were spread out it would completely cover the Sahara Desert.
There will always be survivors.
There will be big changes for you, but you will be happy.
There you go man,
Keep as cool as you can.
It riles them to believe that you perceive the web they weave.
Keep on being free!
There's a bug somewhere in your code.
There's a fine line between courage and foolishness. Too bad it's not a fence.
There's an old proverb that says just about whatever you want it to.
There's always someone, somewhere, with a big nose, who knows and who trips you up and laughs when you fall.
There's at least one fool in every married couple.
There's got to be more to life than compile-and-go.
There's more than one way to skin a cat:
There's more to life than sitting around in the sun in your underwear playing the clarinet.
There's no future in time travel
There's no limit to how complicated things can get, on account of one thing always leading to another.
There's no place like home.
There's no place like $HOME.
There's no point in being grown up if you can't be childish sometimes.
There's nothing remarkable about it. All one has to do is hit the right keys at the right time and the instrument plays itself.
There's nothing wrong with America that a good erection wouldn't cure.
There's only one way to have a happy marriage and as soon as I learn what it is I'll get married again.
There's so much plastic in this culture that vinyl leopard skin is becoming an endangered synthetic.
These patriots don't mince words... Okay, sure, they ARE dangerous, hopelessly ignorant, inbred, retarded borderline lunatics with an insatiable lust for the blood of sinners -- but at least they're HONEST about it.
They [preachers] dread the advance of science as witches do the approach of daylight and scowl on the fatal harbinger announcing the subversions of the duperies on which they live.
They also surf who only stand on waves.
They took some of the Van Goghs, most of the jewels, and all of the Chivas!
Things are always at their best in the beginning.
Things are more like they are now than they ever were before.
Things are more like they used to be than they are now.
Things are not as simple as they seems at first.
Things won't get any better, so get used to it.
Think honk if you're a telepath.
This fortune intentionally not included.
This fortune is false.
This fortune is inoperative. Please try another.
This fortune will self destruct in 5 years.
This isn't brain surgery; it's just television.
This space unintentionally left blank.
This was the ultimate form of ostentation among technology freaks -- to have a system so complete and sophisticated that nothing showed; no machines, no wires, no controls.
Thoreau's Law:
Those who are quick in deciding are in danger of being mistaken.
Those who believe in astrology are living in houses with foundations of Silly Putty.
Those who believe that they believe in God, but without passion in their hearts, without anguish in mind, without uncertainty, without doubt, without an element of despair even in their consolation, believe only in the God idea, not God Himself.
Those who bite the hand that feeds them usually lick the boot that kicks them.
Those who can, do; those who can't, simulate.
Those who can't repeat the past are condemned to remember it.
Those who do not understand Unix are condemned to reinvent it, poorly.
Those who educate children well are more to be honored than parents, for these only gave life, those the art of living well.
Those who in quarrels interpose, must often wipe a bloody nose.
Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable.
Those who talk don't know. Those who don't talk, know.
Those who want the Government to regulate matters of the mind and spirit are like men who are so afraid of being murdered that they commit suicide to avoid assassination.
Throw out your gold teeth / And see how they roll.
The answer they reveal: / Life is unreal.
Time and tide wait for no man.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
Time is an illusion perpetrated by the manufacturers of space.
Time is but the stream I go a-fishing in.
Time is nature's way of making sure that everything doesn't happen at once.
Time wounds all heels.
Times are bad. Children no longer obey their parents, and everyone is writing a book.
Tip the world over on its side and everything loose will land in Los Angeles.
To be awake is to be alive.
To be intoxicated is to feel sophisticated but not be able to say it.
To be is to program.
To be overbusy is a witless task.
To be perfect is to have changed often.
To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first, and call whatever you hit the target.
To be wrong all the time is an effort, but some manage it.
To be, or what?
To criticize the incompetent is easy; it is more difficult to criticize the competent.
To do easily what is difficult for others is the mark of talent.
To downgrade the human mind is bad theology.
To err is human, to compute divine. Trust your computer but not its programmer.
To err is human, to forgive divine.
To follow foolish precedents, and wink With both our eyes, is easier than to think.
To invent products out of thin air, you don't ask people what they want -- after all, who would've told you ten years ago that they needed a CD player? You ask them what problems they have when they get up in the morning.
To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.
To iterate is human, to recurse, divine.
To knock a thing down, especially if it is cocked at an arrogant angle, is a deep delight of the blood.
To know the world one must construct it.
To laugh at men of sense is the privilege of fools.
To program anything that is programmable is obsession.
To program is to be.
To steal from a thief is not theft. It is merely irony.
To steal from one person is theft. To steal from many is taxation.
To teach is to learn.
Today is the first day of the rest of your lossage.
Today is the last day of your life so far.
Too clever is dumb.
Too much of a good thing is WONDERFUL.
Trespassers will be shot. Survivors will be prosecuted.
Troglodytism does not necessarily imply a low cultural level.
True innovation often comes from the small startup who is lean enough to launch a market but lacks the heft to own it.
Truth has always been found to promote the best interests of mankind.
Truthful, adj.:
Try not to have a good time ... This is supposed to be educational.
Try to be the best of what you are, even if what you are is no good.
Trying to be happy is like trying to build a machine for which the only specification is that it should run noiselessly.
Turnaucka's Law:
Tussman's Law:
Two can Live as Cheaply as One for Half as Long.
Two men look out through the same bars; one sees mud, and one the stars.
Two percent of zero is almost nothing.
UFO's are for real: the Air Force doesn't exist.
UFOs are for real. It's the Air Force that doesn't exist.
Uncertain fortune is thoroughly mastered by the equity of the calculation.
Uncle Ed's Rule of Thumb:
Uncompensated overtime? Just Say No.
Under any conditions, anywhere, whatever you are doing, there is some ordinance under which you can be booked.
Under deadline pressure for the next week. If you want something, it can wait. Unless it's blind screaming paroxysmally hedonistic ...
Underlying Principle of Socio-Genetics:
United Nations, New York, December 25. The peace and joy of the Christmas season was marred by a proclamation of a general strike of all the military forces of the world. Panic reigns in the hearts of all the patriots of every persuasion.
Meanwhile, fears of universal disaster sank to an all-time low over the world.
Universe, n.:
University, n.:
UNIX *is* user friendly. It's just selective about who its friends are.
Unless one is a genius, it is best to aim at being intelligible.
Unless you are very rich and very eccentric, you will not enjoy the luxury of a computer in your own home.
Use GOTOs only to implement a fundamental structure.
Use debugging compilers.
Use free-form input where possible.
Use library functions.
Use the Force, Luke.
Useful knowledge is a great support for intuition.
Users of a tool are willing to meet you halfway; if you do ninety percent of the job, they will be ecstatic.
VMS isn't an operating system, it's a playpen for DEC system programmers.
Van Roy's Law:
Variables won't. Constants aren't.
Velilind's Laws of Experimentation:
Very few profundities can be expressed in less than 80 characters.
Vests are to suits as seat-belts are to cars.
Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.
Vique's Law:
Virtue is its own punishment.
Vital papers will demonstrate their vitality by spontaneously moving from where you left them to where you can't find them.
Vitamin C deficiency is apauling
Volcano -- a mountain with hiccups.
Vote anarchist.
Walter, I love you, but sooner or later, you're going to have to face the fact you're a goddamn moron.
War is menstruation envy.
Waste not, get your budget cut next year.
Wasting time is an important part of living.
Watch out for off-by-one errors.
We ARE as gods and might as well get good at it.
We all know that no one understands anything that isn't funny.
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
We are confronted with insurmountable opportunities.
We are going to have peace even if we have to fight for it.
We are not alone.
We are what we pretend to be.
We call our dog Egypt, because in every room he leaves a pyramid.
We can defeat gravity. The problem is the paperwork involved.
We can't let children think it's okay to dress up like Vikings and go around hollering.
We can't schedule an orgy, it might be construed as fighting
We cheat the other guy and pass the savings on to you.
We don't know who discovered water, but we are certain it wasn't a fish.
We don't want to discourage the innovators and those who take risks because they're afraid of getting sued by a lawsuit.
We few, we happy few, we band of brothers;
We have met the enemy and he is us
We learn from history that we do not learn anything from history.
We may not return the affection of those who like us, but we always respect their good judgement.
We must all hang together, or we will surely all hang separately.
They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety.
We must remember the First Amendment which protects any shrill jackass no matter how self-seeking.
We now return you to your regularly scheduled program.
We want to create puppets that pull their own strings.
We were spanking each other with meat and then suddenly it got weird.
We will have solar energy as soon as the utility companies solve one technical problem -- how to run a sunbeam through a meter.
We work to become, not to acquire.
We'll be a great country where the fabrics are made up of groups and loving centers.
We're fighting for this woman's honor, which is more than she ever did.
We're here to give you a computer, not a religion.
We're the weirdest monkeys ever.
We've sent a man to the moon, and that's 29,000 miles away. The center of the Earth is only 4,000 miles away. You could drive that in a week, but for some reason nobody's ever done it.
Wear me as a seal upon your heart, as a seal upon your arm; for love is strong as death, passion cruel as the grave; it blazes up like blazing fire, fiercer than any flame.
Weiler's Law:
Weinberg's First Law:
Weinberg's Second Law:
Welcome back, my friends, to the show that never ends!
Welcome to the human race, with its wars, disease and brutality.
Welcome to The Machine.
Welcome to the working week.
I know it don't thrill you I hope it don't kill you.
Well, I killed my own grandfather and here I am! Guess there's no paradox when time travel isn't involved.
Well, well, well! Well if it isn't fat stinking billy goat Billy Boy in poison! How art thou, thou globby bottle of cheap stinking chip oil? Come and get one in the yarbles, if ya have any yarble, ya eunuch jelly thou!
Well, you see, it's such a transitional creature. It's a piss-poor reptile and not very much of a bird.
Were there fewer fools, knaves would starve.
Westheimer's Discovery: A couple of months in the laboratory can frequently save a couple of hours in the library.
Wethern's Law:
What a waste it is to lose one's mind -- or not to have a mind at all.
How true that is.
What are you doing wrong with our bug-free product?
What cannot be eaten must be civilized.
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't work? A stick!
What does it mean if there is no fortune for you?
What garlic is to salad, insanity is to art.
What happens when you cut back the jungle? It recedes.
What is a magician but a practising theorist?
What is mind? No matter.
What is matter? Never mind.
What is the difference between the modern computer and a Turing machine? It's the same as that between Hillary's ascent of Everest and the establishment of a Hilton on its peak.
What is tolerance? -- it is the consequence of humanity. We are all formed of frailty and error; let us pardon reciprocally each other's folly -- that is the first law of nature.
What is vice today may be virtue tomorrow.
What is virtue today may be vice tomorrow.
What is worth doing is worth delegating.
What is worth doing is worth the trouble of asking somebody to do.
What makes the Universe so hard to comprehend is that there's nothing to compare it with.
What sane person could live in this world and not be crazy?
What sin has not been committed in the name of efficiency?
What the hell, go ahead and put all your eggs in one basket.
What the large print giveth, the small print taketh away.
What this calls for is a special blend of psychology and extreme violence.
What this country needs is a good 5 dollar plasma weapon.
What this country needs is a good five cent ANYTHING!
What this country needs is a good five cent microcomputer.
What this country needs is a good five-cent nickel.
What use is magic if it can't save a unicorn?
What we anticipate seldom occurs; what we least expect generally happens.
What we do not understand we do not possess.
What's so funny 'bout peace, love and understanding?
What, me worry?
What boots it at one gate to make defence,
And at another to let in the foe?
Whatever is not nailed down is mine. What I can pry loose is not nailed down.
When I said "we", officer, I was referring to myself, the four young ladies, and, of course, the goat.
When I sell liquor, its called bootlegging; when my patrons serve it on Lake Shore Drive, its called hospitality.
When I was a boy I was told that anybody could become President. Now I'm beginning to believe it.
When I was in my twenties, not shaving for a few days gave me a cool Don Johnson/Miami Vice look. Now that I'm in my forties, though, it tends to make me look more like Otis from Mayberry.
When I was in school, I cheated on my metaphysics exam: I looked into the soul of the boy sitting next to me.
When you are in it up to your ears, keep your mouth shut.
When Yahweh your gods has settled you in the land you're about to occupy, and driven out many infidels before you...you're to cut them down and exterminate them. You're to make no compromise with them or show them any mercy.
When a Banker jumps out of a window, jump after him -- that's where the money is.
When a fellow says, "It ain't the money but the principle of the thing," it's the money.
When a fly lands on the ceiling, does it do a half roll or a half loop?
When a place gets crowded enough to require ID's, social collapse is not far away. It is time to go elsewhere. The best thing about space travel is that it made it possible to go elsewhere.
When a shepherd goes to kill a wolf, and takes his dog along to see the sport, he should take care to avoid mistakes. The dog has certain relationships to the wolf the shepherd may have forgotten.
When all other means of communication fail, try words.
When asked, "If you find so much that is unworthy of reverence in the United States, then why do you live here?" Mencken replied, "Why do men go to zoos?"
When bad men combine, the good must associate; else they will fall one by one, an unpitied sacrifice in a contemptible struggle.
When choosing between two evils I always like to take the one I've never tried before.
When does summertime come to Minnesota, you ask? Well, last year, I think it was a Tuesday.
When everything has been seen to work, all integrated, you have four more months of work to do.
When in doubt, do what the President does -- guess.
When in doubt, lead trump.
When in doubt, punt.
When in doubt, use brute force.
When love is gone, there's always justice.
And when justice is gone, there's always force.
And when force is gone, there's always Mom.
Hi, Mom!
When more and more people are thrown out of work, unemployment results.
When people thought the earth was flat, they were wrong. When people thought the earth was spherical, they were wrong. But if you think that thinking the earth is spherical is just as wrong as thinking the earth is flat, then your view is wronger than both of them put together.
When someone says "I want a programming language in which I need only say what I wish done," give him a lollipop.
When the government bureau's remedies do not match your problem, you modify the problem, not the remedy.
When the wind is great, bow before it; when the wind is heavy, yield to it.
When two people are under the influence of the most violent, most insane, most delusive, and most transient of passions, they are required to swear that they will remain in that excited, abnormal, and exhausting condition continuously until death do them part.
When we are ignorant of the answer to an important question, one way to proceed is to ask which path of inquiry promises best to facilitate learning.
When we are planning for posterity, we ought to remember that virtue is not hereditary.
When we jumped into Sicily, the units became separated, and I couldn't find anyone. Eventually I stumbled across two colonels, a major, three captains, two lieutenants, and one rifleman, and we secured the bridge. Never in the history of war have so few been led by so many.
When you are alone you are all your own.
When you do not know what you are doing, do it neatly.
When you have an efficient government, you have a dictatorship.
When you make your mark in the world, watch out for guys with erasers.
Whenever anyone says, "theoretically", they really mean, "not really".
Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong.
Where a new invention promises to be useful, it ought to be tried
Where humor is concerned there are no standards -- no one can say what is good or bad, although you can be sure that everyone will.
Where is it written in the Constitution that you may take children from their parents, and parents from their children, and compel them to fight the battles of any war in which the folly or wickedness of government may engage it?
Where there's a will, there's an Inheritance Tax.
Wherever you go, there you are.
Whether you can hear it or not The Universe is laughing behind your back
While Europe's eye is fix'd on mighty things,
The fate of empires and the fall of kings;
While quacks of State must each produce his plan,
And even children lisp the Rights of Man;
Amid this mighty fuss just let me mention,
The Rights of Woman merit some attention.
While anyone can admit to themselves they were wrong, the true test is admission to someone else.
While money can't buy happiness, it certainly lets you choose your own form of misery.
While most peoples' opinions change, the conviction of their correctness never does.
While you don't greatly need the outside world, it's still very reassuring to know that it's still there.
Whipit! Whipit good!
Whistler's Law:
Who has more leisure than a worm?
Who is W. O. Baker, and why is he saying those terrible things about me?
Who made the world I cannot tell;
'Tis made, and here am I in hell.
My hand, though now my knuckles bleed,
I never soiled with such a deed.
Who needs companionship when you can sit alone in your room and masturbate?
Who works achieves and who sows reaps.
Who's on first?
Whom computers would destroy, they must first drive mad.
Whoso diggeth a pit shall fall therein.
Why did the Lord give us so much quickness of movement unless it was to avoid responsibility with?
Why does man kill? He kills for food. And not only food: frequently there must be a beverage.
Why does opportunity always knock at the least opportune moment?
Why is it that our memory is good enough to retain the least triviality that happens to us, and yet not good enough to recollect how often we have told it to the same person?
Why is it that there are so many more horses' asses than there are horses?
Why isn't "palindrome" spelled the same way backwards?
Wiker's Law:
Will the highways on the Internet become more few?
Williams and Holland's Law:
Winter is the season in which people try to keep the house as warm as it was in the summer, when they complained about the heat.
With all the fancy scientists in the world, why can't they just once build a nuclear balm?
With clothes the new are best, with friends the old are best.
With every passing hour our solar system comes forty-three thousand miles closer to globular cluster M13 in the constellation Hercules, and still there are some misfits who continue to insist that there is no such thing as progress.
With friends like these, who need hallucinations?
With great effort, you move the rug aside, revealing a trap door.
Without coffee he could not work, or at least he could not have worked in the way he did. In addition to paper and pens, he took with him everywhere as an indispensable article of equipment the coffee machine, which was no less important to him than his table or his white robe.
Without ice cream life and fame are meaningless.
Words are the voice of the heart.
Words must be weighed, not counted.
Worst Vegetable of the Year: The brussels sprout.
This is also the worst vegetable of next year.
Wozencraft's Law:
Writing code has a place in the human hierarchy worth somewhere above grave robbing and beneath managing.
Writing free verse is like playing tennis with the net down.
Writing in C or C++ is like running a chain saw with all the safety guards removed.
Xerox does it again and again and again and ...
Xerox never comes up with anything original.
XML is just data with that Internet shit wrapped around it.
Yes, but every time I try to see things your way, I get a headache.
Yes, but which self do you want to be?
Yes, many primitive people still believe this myth...But in today's technical vastness of the future, we can guess that surely things were much different.
Yes, we have no bonanzas.
Yesterday upon the stair I met a man who wasn't there.
He wasn't there again today --
I think he's from the CIA.
Yield to Temptation ... it may not pass your way again.
Yinkel, n.:
You can do more with a kind word and a gun than with just a kind word.
You can make it illegal, but you can't make it unpopular.
You can measure a programmer's perspective by noting his attitude on the continuing viability of FORTRAN.
You can never get all the facts from just one newspaper, and unless you have all the facts, you cannot make proper judgements about what is going on.
You can observe a lot just by watching.
You can often profit from being at a loss for words.
You can take all the impact that science considerations have on funding decisions at NASA, put them in the navel of a flea, and have room left over for a caraway seed and Tony Calio's heart.
You can tell how far we have to go, when FORTRAN is the language of supercomputers.
You can't antagonize and influence at the same time.
You can't carve your way to success without cutting remarks.
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus.
You can't get there from here.
You can't have great software without a great team, and most software teams behave like dysfunctional families.
You can't judge a book by the way it wears its hair.
You can't start worrying about what's going to happen. You get spastic enough worrying about what's happening now.
You can't teach self-esteem. Self-esteem arises from attempting challenging tasks and mastering them.
You can't underestimate the power of fear.
You cannot build a reputation on what you are going to do.
You cannot propel yourself forward by patting yourself on the back.
You cannot succeed by criticizing others.
You couldn't even prove the White House staff sane beyond a reasonable doubt.
You don't have to explain something you never said.
You don't have to think too hard when you talk to teachers.
You know, you really half give me a buzz.
You may call me by my name, Wirth, or by my value, Worth.
You may have heard that a dean is to faculty as a hydrant is to a dog.
You never know how many friends you have until you rent a house on the beach.
You never finish a program, you just stop working on it.
You or I must yield up his life to Ahrimanes. I would rather it were you. I should have no hesitation in sacrificing my own life to spare yours, but we take stock next week, and it would not be fair on the company.
You see but you do not observe.
You should emulate your heros, but don't carry it too far. Especially if they are dead.
You should never wear your best trousers when you go out to fight for freedom and liberty.
You're never too old to become younger.
Your attitude determines your attitude.
Your conscience never stops you from doing anything. It just stops you from enjoying it.
Your mind understands what you have been taught; your heart, what is true.
Your mother was a hamster, and your father smelt of elderberries.
Your reality is lies and balderdash, and I'm glad to say that I have no grasp of it.
Your true value depends entirely on what you are compared with.
Youth is the trustee of posterity.
Youth is wasted on the young.
Youth is when you blame all your troubles on your parents; maturity is when you learn that everything is the fault of the younger generation.
Zero Defects, n.:
Zimmerman's Law of Complaints:
Zounds! I was never so bethumped with words since I first called my brother's father dad.
Zymurgy's Law of Volunteer Labor:
[In the U. S. Army] An officer does not take an oath of loyalty to the Commander-in-Chief. He takes an oath of loyalty to the Constitution.
[Leslie Stahl was] a pussy compared to Rather.
Grep me no patterns and I'll tell you no lines.
After all, all he did was string together a lot of old, well-known quotations.
All successful newspapers are ceaselessly querulous and bellicose. They never defend anyone or anything if they can help it; if the job is forced upon them, they tackle it by denouncing someone or something else.
A man who can laugh, if only at himself, is never really miserable.
Conscience is the inner voice which warns us that someone may be looking.
Democracy is also a form of worship. It is the worship of Jackals by Jackasses.
Every normal man must be tempted at times to spit on his hands, hoist the black flag, and begin slitting throats.
Faith may be defined briefly as an illogical belief in the occurrence of the improbable.
Explanations exist; they have existed for all time; there is always a well-known solution to every human problem -- neat, plausible, and wrong.
Equality before the law is probably forever inattainable. It is a noble ideal, but it can never be realized, for what men value in this world is not rights but privileges.
For one American husband who maintains a chorus girl in Levantine luxury around the corner, there are hundreds who are as true to their oaths, year in and year out, as so many convicts in the deathhouse.
I believe that religion, generally speaking, has been a curse to mankind -- that its modest and greatly overestimated services on the ethical side have been more than overborne by the damage it has done to clear and honest thinking.
I go on working for the same reason a hen goes on laying eggs.
Judge: a law student who marks his own examination papers.
Men have a much better time of it than women. For one thing, they marry later. For another thing, they die earlier.
Never let your inferiors do you a favor. It will be extremely costly.
No government is ever really in favor of so-called civil rights. It always tries to whittle them down. They are preserved under all governments, insofar as they survive at all, by special classes of fanatics, often highly dubious.
No one ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American public.
Nowhere in the world is superiority more easily attained, or more eagerly admitted. The chief business of the nation, as a nation, is the setting up of heroes, mainly bogus.
Once he had one leg in the White House and the nation trembled under his roars. Now he is a tinpot pope in the Coca-Cola belt and a brother to the forlorn pastors who belabor halfwits in galvanized iron tabernacles behind the railroad yards.
Say what you will about the Ten Commandments, you must always come back to the pleasant fact that there are only ten of them.
Sin is a dangerous toy in the hands of the virtuous. It should be left to the congenitally sinful, who know when to play with it and when to let it alone.
Suppose two-thirds of the members of the national House of Representatives were dumped into the Washington garbage incinerator tomorrow, what would we lose to offset our gain of their salaries and the salaries of their parasites?
The capacity of human beings to bore one another seems to be vastly greater than that of any other animal.
The chief contribution of Protestantism to human thought is its massive proof that God is a bore.
The most costly of all follies is to believe passionately in the palpably not true. It is the chief occupation of mankind.
The one permanent emotion of the inferior man is fear -- fear of the unknown, the complex, the inexplicable. What he wants beyond everything else is safety.
To sum up:
1. The cosmos is a gigantic fly-wheel making 10,000 revolutions a minute.
2. Man is a sick fly taking a dizzy ride on it.
3. Religion is the theory that the wheel was designed and set spinning to give him the ride.
When women kiss it always reminds one of prize-fighters shaking hands.
When A annoys or injures B on the pretense of saving or improving X, A is a scoundrel.
Whenever you hear a man speak of his love for his country it is a sign that he expects to be paid for it.
From Fronto I learned to observe what envy, and duplicity, and hypocrisy are in a tyrant, and that generally those among us who are called Patricians are rather deficient in paternal affection.
The time of a man's life is as a point; the substance of it ever flowing, the sense obscure; and the whole composition of the body tending to corruption.
That [life] which is longest of duration, and that which is shortest, both come to one effect.
You must, therefore, hasten, not only because you are every day nearer to death, but also because your intellect, which enables you to know the true nature of things and to order all your actions by that knowledge, wastes and decays daily -- or, may fail you before you die.
Never esteem of anything as profitable, which shell ever constrain thee to break thy faith, or to lose thy modestroy; to hate any man, to suspect to curse, to dissemble, to lust after anything, that requireth the secret of walls or veils.
He who prefers, before all things, his rational part and spirit... he shall never lament and exclaim; never sigh; he shall never want either solitude or company; and, which is chiefest of all, he shall live without either desire or fear.
Let no act be done without a purpose, nor otherwise than according to the perfect principles of art.
Take away your opinion, and you then take away the complaint, "I have been harmed." Take away the complaint, "I have been harmed," and the harm is taken away.
Many grains of frankincense on the same altar: one falls before, another falls after; but it makes no difference.
Do not act as if you were going to live ten thousand years. Death hangs over you. While you live, while it is in your power, be good.
How much trouble he avoids who does not look to see what his neighbour says or does or thinks, but only to what he does himself, that it may be just and pure.
Everything which is in any way beautiful is beautiful in itself, and terminates in itself, not having praise as part of itself. Neither worse, then, nor better is a thing made by being praised.
The words which were formerly familiar are now antiquated: so also the names of those who were famed of old, are now in a manner antiquated... For all things soon pass away and become a mere tale, and complete oblivion soon buries them.
Everything is only for a day, both that which remembers and that which is remembered.
Thou art a little soul bearing about a corpse, as Epictetus used to say.
Time is like a river made up of the events which happen, and a violent stream; for as soon as a thing has been seen, it is carried away, and another comes in its place, and this will be carried away too.
Be like the promontory against which the waves continually break, but it stands firm and tames the fury of the water around it.
How easy it is to repel and to wipe away every impression which is troublesome or unsuitable, and immediately to be in all tranquility.
To seek what is impossible is madness: and it is impossible that the bad should not do something of this kind.
The best way of avenging yourself is not to become like the wrong-doer.
If any man is able to convince me and show me that I do not think or act right, I will gladly change; for I seek the truth by which no man was ever injured. But he is injured who abides in his error and ignorance.
Let not future things disturb you, for you will come to them, if it shall be necessary, having with you the same reason which you now use for present things.
Receive wealth or prosperity without arrogance; and be ready to let it go.
He often acts unjustly who does not do a certain thing; not only he who does a certain thing.
It is your duty to leave another man's wrongful act there, where it is.
America is a ball of Appalachia with a thin coating of civility.
American justice is measured by the amount of money you are willing to risk to make your point.
America has become a tired old whore, selling her institutions like back alley blowjobs to fat cat businessmen for their pocket change.
But in the end I remind myself that people are merely shaved apes, and pretty much spend their time masturbating and throwing feces.
I am waiting for the "Internet Beermeister," so hackers can wage a "Denial of Cerveza" attack.
Money doesn't stretch -- if somebody makes a killing, somebody else loses his shirt.
Never work anywhere where you can't find the guy in charge and break his nose.
Nothing is more dangerous than a man whose actions are the responsibility of his deity.
Some people hold their noses when used as toilet paper by the shadowy overlords; some people inhale the heady aroma with gusto.
Those who sacrifice liberty for the sake of safety deserve neither, but those who sacrifice creativity for safety end up with a velvet painting of Elvis.
Windows is a manifestation of commerce; Unix is a manifestation of culture.
Working in Windows is like baking moose shit pie. Sure, you're baking pies, but look what's in 'em.
I prefer the company of men without ovaries.
The American business executive resembles the Ferengi more each day. In another 20 years, there will be dorm rooms full of toothless hillbillies at the Amazon fulfillment centers and the Walmarts.
Be cautious of those who give you advice. That's my advice to you.
If you fail to plan, you plan to fail. Sounds like a plan.
If you take the easy way out, nothing will come easy.
By and large, language is a tool for concealing the truth.
Here's a bumper sticker I'd like to see: "We are the proud parents of a child whose self-esteem is sufficient that he doesn't need us promoting his minor scholastic achievements on the back of our car."
Honesty may be the best policy, but it's important to remember that apparently, by elimination, dishonesty is the second-best policy.
I have as much authority as the Pope, I just don't have as many people who believe it.
I'm completely in favor of the separation of Church and State. My idea is that these two institutions screw us up enough on their own, so both of them together is certain death.
I think it's the duty of the comedian to find out where the line is drawn and cross it deliberately.
If it's true that our species is alone in the universe, then I'd have to say the universe aimed rather low and settled for very little.
If God had intended us not to masturbate, he would've made our arms shorter.
If this is the best God can do, I'm not impressed.
Just because your tattoo has Chinese characters in it doesn't make you Spiritual. It's right above the crack of your butt. And it translates to "beef with broccoli." The last time you did anything spiritual, you were praying to God you weren't pregnant. You're not spiritual.
The very existence of flame-throwers proves that some time, somewhere, someone said to themselves, "You know, I want to set those people over there on fire, but I'm just not close enough to get the job done."
There are nights when the wolves are silent and only the moon howls.
Anybody who wants religion is welcome to it, as far as I'm concerned -- I support your right to enjoy it. However, I would appreciate it if you exhibited more respect for the rights of those people who do not wish to share your dogma, rapture or necrodestination.
Don't eat yellow snow.
Hey, you know something, people? I'm not black, but there's a whole lot of times I wish I could say I'm not white.
I never set out to be weird. It was always other people who called me weird.
I think pop music has done more for oral intercourse than anything else that has ever happened, and vice versa.
In the future, etiquette will become more and more important. That doesn't mean knowing which fork to pick up -- I mean basic consideration for the rights of other animals (human beings included) and the willingness, whenever practical, to tolerate the other guy's idiosyncrasies.
Is that a real poncho? I mean, is that a Mexican poncho or a Sears poncho? Hmmm... No fooling.
Most people wouldn't know music if it came up and bit them on the ass.
Modern Americans behave as if intelligence were some sort of hideous deformity.
Most rock journalism is people who can't write interviewing people who can't talk for the people who can't read.
My best advice to anyone who wants to raise a happy, mentally healthy child is: Keep him or her as far away from a church as you can.
Remember, Information is not knowledge; Knowledge is not Wisdom;
Wisdom is not truth; Truth is not beauty; Beauty is not love;
Love is not music; Music is the best.
Remember, there's a big difference between kneeling down and bending over.
Take the Kama Sutra. How many people died from the Kama Sutra as opposed to the Bible? Who wins?
The bassoon is one of my favorite instruments. It has a medieval aroma, like the days when everything used to sound like that. Some people crave baseball...I find this unfathomable, but I can easily understand why a person could get excited about playing the bassoon.
The Book says BURN and DESTROY repent and redeem and revenge and deploy and rumble thee forth to the land of the unbelieving scum 'cause they don't go for what's in the Book and that makes 'em BAD.
The computer can't tell you the emotional story. It can give you the exact mathematical design, but what's missing is the eyebrows.
The essence of Christianity is told to us in the Garden of Eden history. The fruit that was forbidden was on the Tree of Knowledge. The subtext is,
All the suffering you have is because you wanted to find out what was going on. You could be in the Garden of Eden if you had just kept your fucking mouth shut and hadn't asked any questions.
There is more stupidity than hydrogen in the universe, and it has a longer shelf life.
There is no such thing as a dirty word. Nor is there a word so powerful, that it's going to send the listener to the lake of fire upon hearing it.
Our brains have just one scale, and we resize our experiences to fit.
I don't know if you noticed, but our two-party system is a bowl of shit looking in the mirror at itself.
There is a big difference between the Old Testament and the New Testament, and that is, the New Testament God is kind of a great guy (He is!), especially when you compare him to the Old Testament God, who is a prick.
There's no such thing as soy milk. It's soy juice. But they couldn't sell soy juice, so they called it soy milk. Because anytime you say soy juice, you actually... start to gag.
You don't want another Enron? Here's the law:
The one thing I think we learned this year is that the Democrats and the Republicans are completely worthless.
If mzero doesn't need to be a single, unambiguous value, then the algebra of monads would seem to be a bit hinky.
A monad is just a monoid in the category of endofunctors, what's the problem?
Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance.
Rotten wood cannot be carved.
Men's natures are alike. It is their habits that carry them far apart.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in getting up every time we do.
It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop.
We like to think we spend most of our time power-typing. "I'm being productive, I'm writing programs!" But, we don't. We spend most of our time looking into the abyss, saying, "My God, what have I done?"
"That hardly ever happens" is another way of saying, "It happens".
Confusion must be avoided. Confusion is the enemy. Confusion is what causes bugs and security mishaps and all the other things that make us miserable.
Write [code] in a way that clearly communicates your intent.
Geriatric Relativity: The observation that time goes faster the older you get.
Critical thinking is the antidote to gullibility and credulity, which explains why politicians aren't fond of critical thinking.
Man is manifestly not the measure of all things. This universe is shot through with mystery. The very fact of its being, and of our own, is a mystery absolute, and the only miracle worthy of the name.
Unreason is now ascendant in the United States -- in our schools, in our courts, and in each branch of the federal government.
I love living in the future.
Sendmail(8) proved that if you polish a turd long enough, you may eventually end up with a shiny coprolite.
Angels we have heard on High/Tell us to go out and Buy.
The Army has carried the American ... ideal to its logical conclusion.
Not only do they prohibit discrimination on the grounds of race, creed and color, but also on ability.
If, after hearing my songs, just one human being is inspired to say something nasty to a friend, or perhaps to strike a loved one, it will all have been worth the while.
I'm not tempted to write a song about George W. Bush. I couldn't figure out what sort of song I would write. That's the problem: I don't want to satirise George Bush and his puppeteers, I want to vaporize them.
I basically like "comments," though they can seem a little jarring: spit- flecked rants that are appended to a product that at least tries for a measure of objectivity and dignity. It's as though when you order a sirloin steak, it comes with a side of maggots.
I disagree with those who suggest that we permanently close down the U.S. mail on the grounds that it can kill you. That is sheer hysteria. I think we should permanently close down the U.S. mail on the grounds that it has been making us sick for quite a while.
Anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job.
Men were real men, women were real women, and small, furry creatures from Alpha Centauri were REAL small, furry creatures from Alpha Centauri. Spirits were brave, men boldly split infinitives that no man had split before. Thus was the Empire forged.
Space is big. You just won't believe how vastly, hugely, mind- bogglingly big it is. I mean, you may think it's a long way down the road to the chemist's, but that's just peanuts to space.
The word "spine" is, of course, an anagram of "penis". This is true in almost fifty percent of the languages of the Galaxy, and many people have attempted to explain why. Usually these explanations get bogged down in silly puns about "standing erect".
There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened.
With a rubber duck, one's never alone.
Inspiration usually comes during work, rather than before it.
That's the way things come clear. All of a sudden. And then you realize how obvious they've been all along.
When we were children, we used to think that when we were grown-up we would no longer be vulnerable. But to grow up is to accept vulnerability... To be alive is to be vulnerable.
Because you're not what I would have you be, I blind myself to who, in truth, you are.
A good photograph is knowing where to stand.
A photograph is usually looked at -- seldom looked into.
A true photograph need not be explained, nor can it be contained in words.
Dodging and burning are steps to take care of mistakes God made in establishing tonal relationships.
In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration.
These people live again in print as intensely as when their images were captured on old dry plates of sixty years ago... I am walking in their alleys, standing in their rooms and sheds and workshops, looking in and out of their windows. Any they in turn seem to be aware of me.
A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining and wants it back the minute it begins to rain.
A classic is something that everybody wants to have read and nobody wants to read.
[He was] a solemn, unsmiling, sanctimonious old iceberg who looked like he was waiting for a vacancy in the Trinity.
Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on society.
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first.
God made the Idiot for practice, and then He made the School Board.
I must have a prodigious quantity of mind; it takes me as much as a week sometimes to make it up.
I was gratified to be able to answer promptly, and I did. I said I didn't know.
If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous, he will not bite you. This is the principal difference between a dog and a man.
It is by the fortune of God that, in this country, we have three benefits: freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either.
It is the difference of opinion that makes horse races.
It usually takes me more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech.
Man is the only animal that blushes -- or needs to.
My father was an amazing man. The older I got, the smarter he got.
The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter.
It could probably be shown, by facts and figures, that there is no distinctly native criminal class except Congress.
There is no sadder sight than a young pessimist.
There is something fascinating about science. One gets such wholesale returns of conjecture out of such a trifling investment of fact.
They spell it "da Vinci" and pronounce it "da Vinchy". Foreigners always spell better than they pronounce.
Under certain circumstances, profanity provides a relief denied even to prayer.
Wagner's music is better than it sounds.
When I was younger, I could remember anything, whether it had happened or not; but my faculties are decaying now and soon I shall be so I cannot remember any but the things that never happened. It is sad to go to pieces like this but we all have to do it.
Whenever the literary German dives into a sentence, that is the last you are going to see of him until he emerges on the other side of the Atlantic with his verb in his mouth.
Whenever you find that you are on the side of the majority, it is time to reform.
Why is it that we rejoice at a birth and grieve at a funeral? It is because we are not the person involved.
He is now rising from affluence to poverty.
A person with a new idea is a crank until the idea succeeds.
A man is never more truthful than when he acknowledges himself a liar.
Against the assault of laughter nothing can stand.
But who prays for Satan? Who, in eighteen centuries, has had the common humanity to pray for the one sinner that needed it most?
Civilization is the limitless multiplication of unnecessary necessities.
Drag your thoughts away from your troubles... by the ears, by the heels, or any other way you can manage it.
If the world comes to an end, I want to be in Cincinnati. Everything comes there ten years later.
Martyrdom covers a multitude of sins.
Patriot: the person who can holler the loudest without knowing what he is hollering about.
Prosperity is the best protector of principle.
Suppose you were an idiot, and suppose you were a member of Congress; but I repeat myself.
The rule is perfect: in all matters of opinion our adversaries are insane.
There are basically two types of people. People who accomplish things, and people who claim to have accomplished things. The first group is less crowded.
To be good is noble; but to show others how to be good is nobler and no trouble.
To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence.
Truth is mighty and will prevail. There is nothing wrong with this, except that it ain't so.
We have the best government that money can buy.
When angry, count to four; when very angry, swear.
When people do not respect us we are sharply offended; yet in his private heart no man much respects himself.
When we remember we are all mad, the mysteries disappear and life stands explained.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
Wit is the sudden marriage of ideas which before their union were not perceived to have any relation.
[Silvio Berlusconi] is so thoroughly corrupt, every time he smiles, an angel gets gonorrhea.
[Adulthood] feels like ... walking around in a desert, with a bag over your head, bumping into people who rob you as they bore you.
Tequila isn't even a drink. It's just a way of getting the police round, without using the phone.
I basically think I'm what would've happened if James Dean had lived, and discovered carbohydrates and orthopedic shoes.
When did ignorance become a point of view?
There's no kill switch on awesome.
You want a toe? I can get you a toe, believe me. There are ways, Dude. You don't wanna know about it, believe me.
Hey, careful, man, there's a beverage here!
"The Dude abides." I don't know about you but I take comfort in that. It's good knowin' he's out there. The Dude. Takin' 'er easy for all us sinners. Shoosh. I sure hope he makes the finals.
Racism towards Muslims is as evil as anti-Semitism, but try to express this simple truth on a partisan Palestinian or Israeli website.
A society without the means to detect lies and theft soon squanders its liberty and freedom.
Really, the comforting side in most conspiracy theory arguments is the one claiming that anyone who's in power has any plan at all.
A person who is nice to you, but rude to a waiter, is not a nice person.
(This is very important. Pay attention. It never fails.)
Meetings are an addictive, highly self-indulgent activity that corporations and other large organizations habitually engage in only because they cannot actually masturbate.
Styling mousse, which is gunk that looks like shaving cream ... was invented by a French hair professional whom, if you met him, you would want to punch directly in the mouth.
There are two kinds of solar-heat systems: "passive" systems collect the sunlight that hits your home, and "active" systems collect the sunlight that hits your neighbors' homes, too.
There is more money being spent on breast implants and Viagra than on Alzheimer's research. This means that by 2030, there should be a large elderly population with perky boobs and huge erections and absolutely no recollection of what to do with them.
It is inhumane, in my opinion, to force people who have a genuine medical need for coffee to wait in line behind people who apparently view it as some kind of recreational activity.
No matter what happens, somebody will find a way to take it too seriously.
Although golf was originally restricted to wealthy, overweight Protestants, today it's open to anybody who owns hideous clothing.
People who want to share their religious views with you almost never want you to share yours with them.
It is a miracle that curiosity survives formal education.
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
If A equals success, then the formula is: A = X + Y + Z.
X is work. Y is play. Z is keep your mouth shut.
Great spirits have always found violent opposition from mediocrities. The latter cannot understand it when a man does not thoughtlessly submit to hereditary prejudices but honestly and courageously uses his intelligence.
The tyranny of the ignoramuses is insurmountable and assured for all time.
Man usually avoids attributing cleverness to somebody else, unless it is an enemy.
My religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive with our frail and feeble mind.
Never do anything against conscience even if the state demands it.
The further the spiritual evolution of mankind advances, the more certain it seems to me that the path to genuine religiosity does not lie through the fear of life, and the fear of death, and blind faith, but through striving after rational knowledge.
The hardest thing in the world to understand is the income tax.
The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing.
The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is comprehensible.
The only real valuable thing is intuition.
God may be subtle, but He isn't plain mean.
God does not care about our mathematical difficulties. He integrates empirically.
Dear Posterity, If you have not become more just, more peaceful, and generally more rational than we are (or were) -- why then, the Devil take you.
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain; and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality.
An autocratic system of coercion, in my opinion, soon degenerates. For force always attracts men of low morality, and I believe it to be an invariable rule that tyrants of genius are succeeded by scoundrels.
If I had only known, I would have been a locksmith.
I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.
A man should look for what is, and not for what he thinks should be.
All that is valuable in human society depends upon the opportunity for development accorded the individual.
An empty stomach is not a good political adviser.
Any intelligent fool can make things bigger and more complex... It takes a touch of genius -- and a lot of courage to move in the opposite direction.
As far as I'm concerned, I prefer silent vice to ostentatious virtue.
Concern for man and his fate must always form the chief interest of all technical endeavors. Never forget this in the midst of your diagrams and equations.
Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics. I can assure you mine are still greater.
Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school.
Everything that can be counted does not necessarily count; everything that counts cannot necessarily be counted.
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.
He who joyfully marches to music in rank and file has already earned my contempt. He has been given a large brain by mistake, since for him the spinal cord would suffice.
I live in that solitude which is painful in youth, but delicious in the years of maturity.
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.
People think my friend George is weird because he wears sideburns...behind his ears. I think he's weird because he wears false teeth...with braces on them.
I came home the other night and tried to open the door with my car keys...and the building started up. So I took it out for a drive. A cop pulled me over for speeding. He asked me where I live. I said, "Here."
I was playing poker the other night... with Tarot cards. I got a full house and 4 people died.
My brother sent me a postcard the other day with this big satellite photo of the entire earth on it. On the back it said: "Wish you were here".
You can't have everything. Where would you put it?
You know that feeling when you're leaning back on a stool and it starts to tip over? Well, that's how I feel all the time.
I'm making wine at home, but I make it out of raisins, so it'll be aged automatically.
Babies don't need a vacation, but I still see 'em at the beach. Pisses me off.
Sponges grow in the ocean. That kills me. I wonder how much deeper the ocean would be, if that didn't happen.
It doesn't matter what temperature a room is, it's always room temperature.
I remember the day the candle shop burned down. Everyone just stood around and sang, "Happy birthday."
If you shoot a mime, should you use a silencer?
Once I stayed in a hotel where the pool was on the 23rd floor. I couldn't believe how deep it was.
There's a fine line between fishing and standing on the shore looking like an idiot.
What's another word for, "thesaurus"?
Whenever I think about the past, it's just bring back so many memories.
Once I was walking through the woods, and I saw a rabbit standing in front of a candle, making shadows of people on a tree. I said, "Don't be so sarcastic."
I'm a peripheral visionary. I can see into the future, but just way off to the side.
It's hard for me to buy clothes, 'cause I'm not my size.
Small keyboards make for big mistakes.
The last refuge of the insomniac is a sense of superiority to the sleeping world.
Poetry is just the evidence of life. If your life is burning well, poetry is just the ash.
Children show scars like medals. Lovers use them as a secrets to reveal. A scar is what happens when the word is made flesh.
I don't consider myself a pessimist. I think of a pessimist as someone who is waiting for it to rain. And I feel soaked to the skin.
The older I get, the surer I am that Im not running the show.
Deprivation is the mother of poetry.
We are so lightly here. It is in love that we are made. In love we disappear.
There is a crack, a crack in everything. That's how the light gets in.
This is a broken world, and we live with broken hearts and broken lives, but still that is no alibi for anything. On the contrary, you have to stand up and say, "Hallelujah," under those circumstances.
A human is a system for converting dust billions of years ago into dust billions of years from now via a roundabout process which involves checking email a lot.
Among the many invectives I invent when people piss me off, this is my current favorite: 'Fuck yer own throat, you piss-dribbling monkey dick!' I'm hoping it catches on with you folks.
Well, vegans, as you know, don't have eggs, meat, dairy, or senses of humor.
An ounce of perversion is worth a pound of pure.
Holy water is often contaminated with bacteria and, as a result, I hypothesize that Pasteur went to Hell, since, if he'd gone to heaven, all the water would be clean."
It is ignoring the nuances of a complicated topic to grind your axe that annoys me.
Anybody who thinks that homeopathy is appropriate therapy for anything but thirst is ... unfit to care for patients.
That woman speaks eight languages and can't say "no" in any of them.
There's a hell of a distance between wise-cracking and wit. Wit has truth in it; wise-cracking is simply calisthenics with words.
If you have any young friends who aspire to become writers, the second greatest favor you can do them is to present them with copies of The Elements of Style. The first greatest, of course, is to shoot them now, while theyre happy.
I require three things in a man: he must be handsome, ruthless, and stupid.
That would be a good thing for them to cut on my tombstone: Wherever she went, including here, it was against her better judgment.
The cure for boredom is curiosity. There is no cure for curiosity.
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone.
This is not a novel to be tossed aside lightly. It should be thrown with great force.
It's not the tragedies that kill us; it's the messes.
All those writers who write about their own childhood! Gentle God, if I wrote about mine you wouldn't sit in the same room with me.
Sometimes, a grand adventure begins when you lick the evil.
Angels are very good at math. That's why they call them arc-angels.
Girls are complicated. The instruction manual that comes with girls is 800 pages, with chapters 14, 19, 26 and 32 missing, and it's badly translated, hard to figure out.
There is no material safety data sheet for astatine. If there were, it would just be the word "NO" scrawled over and over in charred blood.
Q:	Know what the difference between your latest project
A:	Who knows?  The elephant *might* fly, heh, heh...
Q:	Why do people who live near Niagara Falls have flat foreheads?
A:	Because every morning they wake up thinking "What *is* that noise?
Well, anyway, I was reading this James Bond book, and right away I realized
that like most books, it had too many words.  The plot was the same one that
all James Bond books have: An evil person tries to blow up the world, but
James Bond kills him and his henchmen and makes love to several attractive
women.  There, that's it: 24 words.  But the guy who wrote the book took
*thousands* of words to say it.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky.  It's about these two brothers who kill their father.
Or maybe only one of them kills the father.  It's impossible to tell because
what they mostly do is talk for nearly a thousand pages.  If all Russians talk
as much as the Karamazovs did, I don't see how they found time to become a
major world power.
the question of whether there is a God.  So why didn't he just come right
out and say: "Is there a God? It sure beats the heck out of me."
* "Moby Dick" -- Don't mess around with large whales because they symbolize
* "A Tale of Two Cities" -- French people are crazy.
"Good afternoon, madam.  How may I help you?"
"Good afternoon.  I'd like a FrintArms HandCannon, please."
"A--?  Oh, now, that's an awfully big gun for such a lovely lady.  I
mean, not everybody thinks ladies should carry guns at all, though I
say they have a right to.  But I think... I might... Let's have a look
down here.  I might have just the thing for you.  Yes, here we are!
Look at that, isn't it neat?  Now that is a FrintArms product as well,
but it's what's called a laser -- a light-pistol some people call
them.  Very small, as you see; fits easily into a pocket or bag; won't
spoil the line of a jacket; and you won't feel you're lugging half a
tonne of iron around with you.  We do a range of matching accessories,
including -- if I may say so -- a rather saucy garter holster.  Wish I
got to do the fitting for that!  Ha -- just my little joke.  And
there's *even*... here we are -- this special presentation pack: gun,
charged battery, charging unit, beautiful glider-hide shoulder holster
with adjustable fitting and contrast stitching, and a discount on your
next battery.  Full instructions, of course, and a voucher for free
lessons at your local gun club or range.  Or there's the *special*
presentation pack; it has all the other one's got but with *two*
charged batteries and a night-sight, too.  Here, feel that -- don't
worry, it's a dummy battery -- isn't it neat?  Feel how light it is?
Smooth, see?  No bits to stick out and catch on your clothes, *and*
beautifully balanced.  And of course the beauty of a laser is, there's
no recoil.  Because it's shooting light, you see?  Beautiful gun,
beautiful gun; my wife has one.  Really.  That's not a line, she
really has.  Now, I can do you that one -- with a battery and a free
charge -- for ninety-five; or the presentation pack on a special
offer for one-nineteen; or this, the special presentation pack, for
one-forty-nine."
"I'll take the special."
"Sound choice, madam, *sound* choice.  Now, do--?"
"And a HandCannon, with the eighty-mill silencer, five GP clips, three
six-five AP/wire-fl'echettes clips, two bipropellant HE clips, and a
Special Projectile Pack if you have one -- the one with the embedding
rounds, not the signalers.  I assume the night-sight on this toy is
compatible?"
"Aah... yes,  And how does madam wish to pay?"
She slapped her credit card on the counter.  "Eventually."
It's a very *__UN*lucky week in which to be took dead.
Your step will soil many countries.
Your business will go through a period of considerable expansion.
You will give someone a piece of your mind, which you can ill afford.
You may worry about your hair-do today, but tomorrow much peanut butter will
be sold.
Future looks spotty.  You will spill soup in late evening.
You will gain money by an illegal action.
Everything will be just tickety-boo today.
You have literary talent that you should take pains to develop.
You would if you could but you can't so you won't.
You will become rich and famous unless you don't.
You will be aided greatly by a person whom you thought to be unimportant.
Communicate!  It can't make things any worse.
You'll wish that you had done some of the hard things when they were easier
to do.
You have an ability to sense and know higher truth.
You are confused; but this is your normal state.
You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.
You're ugly and your mother dresses you funny.
Things will be bright in P.M.  A cop will shine a light in your face.
You'd like to do it instantaneously, but that's too slow.
Good day to deal with people in high places; particularly lonely stewardesses.
You attempt things that you do not even plan because of your extreme stupidity.
You are always busy.
What happened last night can happen again.
You will be reincarnated as a toad; and you will be much happier.
Beware of Bigfoot!
You are wise, witty, and wonderful, but you spend too much time reading
this sort of trash.
Try to relax and enjoy the crisis.
Blow it out your ear.
You should emulate your heros, but don't carry it too far.  Especially
if they are dead.
You teach best what you most need to learn.
You have a truly strong individuality.
You will meet an important person who will help you advance professionally.
Do something unusual today.  Pay a bill.
You now have Asian Flu.
Never give an inch!
You will hear good news from one you thought unfriendly to you.
Make a wish, it might come true.
You will live to see your grandchildren.
You will be singled out for promotion in your work.
You will gain money by a speculation or lottery.
You worry too much about your job.  Stop it.  You are not paid enough to worry.
You work very hard.  Don't try to think as well.
You will reach the highest possible point in your business or profession.
Good day for overcoming obstacles.  Try a steeplechase.
You will be winged by an anti-aircraft battery.
You may be recognized soon.  Hide.
You will gain money by an immoral action.
You will be recognized and honored as a community leader.
Do not overtax your powers.
Expect a letter from a friend who will ask a favor of you.
You shall be rewarded for a dastardly deed.
Hope that the day after you die is a nice day.
You will inherit millions of dollars.
You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.
You will pass away very quickly.
Don't go surfing in South Dakota for a while.
You possess a mind not merely twisted, but actually sprained.
Your analyst has you mixed up with another patient.  Don't believe a
thing he tells you.
Love is in the offing.  Be affectionate to one who adores you.
You will triumph over your enemy.
Keep emotionally active.  Cater to your favorite neurosis.
Don't hate yourself in the morning -- sleep till noon.
You will forget that you ever knew me.
You will be surrounded by luxury.
Tuesday is the Wednesday of the rest of your life.
You need no longer worry about the future.  This time tomorrow you'll be dead.
Questionable day.
Ask somebody something.
Snow Day -- stay home.
You will be called upon to help a friend in trouble.
Don't look now, but the man in the moon is laughing at you.
You are scrupulously honest, frank, and straightforward.  Therefore you
have few friends.
Someone is speaking well of you.
Today's weirdness is tomorrow's reason why.
You will have long and healthy life.
Avoid gunfire in the bathroom tonight.
A tall, dark stranger will have more fun than you.
Your domestic life may be harmonious.
You will be awarded a medal for disregarding safety in saving someone.
Never look up when dragons fly overhead.
You will pay for your sins.  If you have already paid, please disregard
this message.
You'll never see all the places, or read all the books, but fortunately,
they're not all recommended.
You are a very redundant person, that's what kind of person you are.
Perfect day for scrubbing the floor and other exciting things.
Live in a world of your own, but always welcome visitors.
You will gain money by a fattening action.
You will be Told about it Tomorrow.  Go Home and Prepare Thyself.
Your lucky number is 3552664958674928.  Watch for it everywhere.
Don't let your mind wander -- it's too little to be let out alone.
Think twice before speaking, but don't say "think think click click".
You will lose your present job and have to become a door to door mayonnaise
salesman.
Your depth of comprehension may tend to make you lax in worldly ways.
You're growing out of some of your problems, but there are others that
you're growing into.
You will be advanced socially, without any special effort on your part.
You have no real enemies.
You will remember something that you should not have forgotten.
Your fly might be open (but don't check it just now).
You will soon forget this.
Don't tell any big lies today.  Small ones can be just as effective.
You are the only person to ever get this message.
You are magnetic in your bearing.
Try to have as good a life as you can under the circumstances.
If you learn one useless thing every day, in a single year you'll learn
365 useless things.
You will win success in whatever calling you adopt.
Don't plan any hasty moves.  You'll be evicted soon anyway.
You could live a better life, if you had a better mind and a better body.
Don't get to bragging.
Abandon the search for Truth; settle for a good fantasy.
Everything that you know is wrong, but you can be straightened out.
You had some happiness once, but your parents moved away, and you had to
leave it behind.
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
You have a reputation for being thoroughly reliable and trustworthy.
A pity that it's totally undeserved.
You're a card which will have to be dealt with.
All the troubles you have will pass away very quickly.
There will be big changes for you but you will be happy.
Cheer Up!  Things are getting worse at a slower rate.
You get along very well with everyone except animals and people.
Your object is to save the world, while still leading a pleasant life.
You will be run over by a bus.
You will be a winner today.  Pick a fight with a four-year-old.
Your love life will be... interesting.
People are beginning to notice you.  Try dressing before you leave the house.
You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.
You have an unusual equipment for success.  Be sure to use it properly.
Don't read any sky-writing for the next two weeks.
You can create your own opportunities this week.  Blackmail a senior executive.
Today is what happened to yesterday.
You enjoy the company of other people.
You will always get the greatest recognition for the job you least like.
Avert misunderstanding by calm, poise, and balance.
You will probably marry after a very brief courtship.
You have taken yourself too seriously.
Are you ever going to do the dishes?  Or will you change your major to biology?
You'll feel devilish tonight.  Toss dynamite caps under a flamenco dancer's
heel.
Best of all is never to have been born.  Second best is to die soon.
Your aim is high and to the right.
You're working under a slight handicap.  You happen to be human.
Don't get stuck in a closet -- wear yourself out.
Be careful!  Is it classified?
Do not sleep in a eucalyptus tree tonight.
Your sister swims out to meet troop ships.
"Life, loathe it or ignore it, you can't like it."
You will attract cultured and artistic people to your home.
Are you sure the back door is locked?
Green light in A.M. for new projects.  Red light in P.M. for traffic tickets.
Chicken Little only has to be right once.
Your boyfriend takes chocolate from strangers.
You will be married within a year, and divorced within two.
An exotic journey in downtown Newark is in your future.
You have the capacity to learn from mistakes.  You'll learn a lot today.
You are farsighted, a good planner, an ardent lover, and a faithful friend.
Be free and open and breezy!  Enjoy!  Things won't get any better so
get used to it.
Is this really happening?
Don't relax!  It's only your tension that's holding you together.
Your mode of life will be changed for the better because of new developments.
You'll be called to a post requiring ability in handling groups of people.
Accent on helpful side of your nature.  Drain the moat.
You single-handedly fought your way into this hopeless mess.
It was all so different before everything changed.
You are so boring that when I see you my feet go to sleep.
Someone whom you reject today, will reject you tomorrow.
You will never know hunger.
You will receive a legacy which will place you above want.
Your goose is cooked.
(Your current chick is burned up too!)
You're currently going through a difficult transition period called "Life."
That secret you've been guarding, isn't.
You're almost as happy as you think you are.
Don't you feel more like you do now than you did when you came in?
You've been leading a dog's life.  Stay off the furniture.
Be security conscious -- National defense is at stake.
After your lover has gone you will still have PEANUT BUTTER!
Beware of a tall blond man with one black shoe.
Be cheerful while you are alive.
It may or may not be worthwhile, but it still has to be done.
You are not dead yet.  But watch for further reports.
Your lucky number has been disconnected.
You will contract a rare disease.
Excellent day for putting Slinkies on an escalator.
You love your home and want it to be beautiful.
Next Friday will not be your lucky day.  As a matter of fact, you don't
have a lucky day this year.
Write yourself a threatening letter and pen a defiant reply.
A few hours grace before the madness begins again.
You will stop at nothing to reach your objective, but only because your
brakes are defective.
Bank error in your favor.  Collect $200.
Tonight's the night: Sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
You will be run over by a beer truck.
Stay away from hurricanes for a while.
An avocado-tone refrigerator would look good on your resume.
You prefer the company of the opposite sex, but are well liked by your own.
Increased knowledge will help you now.  Have mate's phone bugged.
How unusual!
You are capable of planning your future.
You will be surprised by a loud noise.
You will be audited by the Internal Revenue Service.
In the stairway of life, you'd best take the elevator.
You will inherit some money or a small piece of land.
You will have a long and boring life.
Be cautious in your daily affairs.
Let me put it this way: today is going to be a learning experience.
You have many friends and very few living enemies.
You are standing on my toes.
Slow day.  Practice crawling.
Your mode of life will be changed for the better because of good news soon.
Stay away from flying saucers today.
You are only young once, but you can stay immature indefinitely.
Your own qualities will help prevent your advancement in the world.
Good day for a change of scene.  Repaper the bedroom wall.
While you recently had your problems on the run, they've regrouped and
are making another attack.
You definitely intend to start living sometime soon.
You will obey or molten silver will be poured into your ears.
You'll be sorry...
Your reasoning powers are good, and you are a fairly good planner.
You fill a much-needed gap.
Your supervisor is thinking about you.
Life is to you a dashing and bold adventure.
You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems.
Ships are safe in harbor, but they were never meant to stay there.
Tomorrow, you can be anywhere.
You have a will that can be influenced by all with whom you come in contact.
Your ignorance cramps my conversation.
Caution: Keep out of reach of children.
Artistic ventures highlighted.  Rob a museum.
Today is National Existential Ennui Awareness Day.
Is that really YOU that is reading this?
You will be attacked by a beast who has the body of a wolf, the tail of
a lion, and the face of Donald Duck.
Tonight you will pay the wages of sin; Don't forget to leave a tip.
You recoil from the crude; you tend naturally toward the exquisite.
Afternoon very favorable for romance.  Try a single person for a change.
You have a strong appeal for members of the opposite sex.
This life is yours.  Some of it was given to you; the rest, you made yourself.
Expect the worst, it's the least you can do.
Good news.  Ten weeks from Friday will be a pretty good day.
You will be honored for contributing your time and skill to a worthy cause.
Don't Worry, Be Happy.
So you're back... about time...
Your business will assume vast proportions.
Never commit yourself!  Let someone else commit you.
You are going to have a new love affair.
You will have domestic happiness and faithful friends.
You don't become a failure until you're satisfied with being one.
You have had a long-term stimulation relative to business.
Don't you wish you had more energy... or less ambition?
You look tired.
You have the power to influence all with whom you come in contact.
Tomorrow will be cancelled due to lack of interest.
Cold hands, no gloves.
You have an unusual understanding of the problems of human relationships.
You are destined to become the commandant of the fighting men of the
department of transportation.
Fine day to work off excess energy.  Steal something heavy.
Your society will be sought by people of taste and refinement.
If you think last Tuesday was a drag, wait till you see what happens tomorrow!
You need more time; and you probably always will.
You will experience a strong urge to do good; but it will pass.
Give him an evasive answer.
You love peace.
You'll feel much better once you've given up hope.
Celebrate Hannibal Day this year.  Take an elephant to lunch.
Your boss climbed the corporate ladder, wrong by wrong.
You will be awarded some great honor.
Tomorrow, this will be part of the unchangeable past but fortunately,
it can still be changed today.
Day of inquiry.  You will be subpoenaed.
You are taking yourself far too seriously.
Never reveal your best argument.
If your life was a horse, you'd have to shoot it.
Are you making all this up as you go along?
You will get what you deserve.
You will not be elected to public office this year.
You are as I am with You.
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
Exercise caution in your daily affairs.
You have Egyptian flu: you're going to be a mummy.
The whole world is a tuxedo and you are a pair of brown shoes.
You will be held hostage by a radical group.
This will be a memorable month -- no matter how hard you try to forget it.
You will step on the night soil of many countries.
You will be traveling and coming into a fortune.
Try to get all of your posthumous medals in advance.
Reply hazy, ask again later.
A gift of a flower will soon be made to you.
You will engage in a profitable business activity.
If you sow your wild oats, hope for a crop failure.
You're being followed.  Cut out the hanky-panky for a few days.
You like to form new friendships and make new acquaintances.
Advancement in position.
Learn to pause -- or nothing worthwhile can catch up to you.
You will live a long, healthy, happy life and make bags of money.
If you stand on your head, you will get footprints in your hair.
Don't kiss an elephant on the lips today.
Courage is your greatest present need.
Beware of a tall black man with one blond shoe.
You have a strong appeal for members of your own sex.
Your lucky color has faded.
You may get an opportunity for advancement today.  Watch it!
Good night to spend with family, but avoid arguments with your mate's
new lover.
You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.
You plan things that you do not even attempt because of your extreme caution.
Your lover will never wish to leave you.
Fortune: You will be attacked next Wednesday at 3:15 p.m. by six samurai
sword wielding purple fish glued to Harley-Davidson motorcycles.
Oh, and have a nice day!
You are number 6!  Who is number one?
Don't look now, but there is a multi-legged creature on your shoulder.
You will be the victim of a bizarre joke.
You will be misunderstood by everyone.
Try the Moo Shu Pork.  It is especially good today.
Good day to let down old friends who need help.
You will pioneer the first Martian colony.
Better hope the life-inspector doesn't come around while you have your
life in such a mess.
A vivid and creative mind characterizes you.
Your heart is pure, and your mind clear, and your soul devout.
You look like a million dollars.  All green and wrinkled.
You will overcome the attacks of jealous associates.
You two ought to be more careful--your love could drag on for years and years.
There is a fly on your nose.
You will soon meet a person who will play an important role in your life.
You're definitely on their list.  The question to ask next is what list it is.
You learn to write as if to someone else because NEXT YEAR YOU WILL BE
"SOMEONE ELSE."
You will be imprisoned for contributing your time and skill to a bank robbery.
Of course you have a purpose -- to find a purpose.
Your reasoning is excellent -- it's only your basic assumptions that are wrong.
Go to a movie tonight.  Darkness becomes you.
You are fighting for survival in your own sweet and gentle way.
Be careful!  UGLY strikes 9 out of 10!
Avoid reality at all costs.
Give your very best today.  Heaven knows it's little enough.
You are sick, twisted and perverted.  I like that in a person.
Do nothing unless you must, and when you must act -- hesitate.
Good news from afar can bring you a welcome visitor.
So this is it.  We're going to die.
Try to value useful qualities in one who loves you.
You have the body of a 19 year old.  Please return it before it gets wrinkled.
Caution: breathing may be hazardous to your health.
You are a bundle of energy, always on the go.
You will be divorced within a year.
You will be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize... posthumously.
Give thought to your reputation.  Consider changing name and moving to
a new town.
You display the wonderful traits of charm and courtesy.
You have been selected for a secret mission.
Keep it short for pithy sake.
Today is the first day of the rest of the mess.
Just because the message may never be received does not mean it is
not worth sending.
You are dishonest, but never to the point of hurting a friend.
Don't worry.  Life's too long.
You will be given a post of trust and responsibility.
A day for firm decisions!!!!!  Or is it?
Stay the curse.
Just to have it is enough.
Bridge ahead.  Pay troll.
You will outgrow your usefulness.
Lady Luck brings added income today.  Lady friend takes it away tonight.
You will wish you hadn't.
Don't feed the bats tonight.
A long-forgotten loved one will appear soon.
Buy the negatives at any price.
You're at the end of the road again.
You own a dog, but you can only feed a cat.
You're not my type.  For that matter, you're not even my species!!!
You will visit the Dung Pits of Glive soon.
You should go home.
You will be successful in love.
You feel a whole lot more like you do now than you did when you used to.
You may be infinitely smaller than some things, but you're infinitely
larger than others.
You dialed 5483.
Domestic happiness and faithful friends.
There was a phone call for you.
Your best consolation is the hope that the things you failed to get weren't
really worth having.
It is so very hard to be an
on-your-own-take-care-of-yourself-because-there-is-no-one-else-to-do-it-for-you
grown-up.
Truth will out this morning.  (Which may really mess things up.)
Time to be aggressive.  Go after a tattooed Virgo.
Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
You will have a long and unpleasant discussion with your supervisor.
Tuesday After Lunch is the cosmic time of the week.
Troubled day for virgins over 16 who are beautiful and wealthy and live
in eucalyptus trees.
Save energy: be apathetic.
You can do very well in speculation where land or anything to do with dirt
is concerned.
Your motives for doing whatever good deed you may have in mind will be
misinterpreted by somebody.
Your nature demands love and your happiness depends on it.
You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.
You have an unusual magnetic personality.  Don't walk too close to
metal objects which are not fastened down.
You may be gone tomorrow, but that doesn't mean that you weren't here today.
You are deeply attached to your friends and acquaintances.
Break into jail and claim police brutality.
Do what comes naturally.  Seethe and fume and throw a tantrum.
Your temporary financial embarrassment will be relieved in a surprising manner.
Your aims are high, and you are capable of much.
You seek to shield those you love and you like the role of the provider.
Beware the one behind you.
Don't read everything you believe.
Look afar and see the end from the beginning.
You are a fluke of the universe; you have no right to be here.
You too can wear a nose mitten.
You will feel hungry again in another hour.
You can rent this space for only $5 a week.
Fine day for friends.
So-so day for you.
Your boss is a few sandwiches short of a picnic.
Chess tonight.
Your love life will be happy and harmonious.
Your present plans will be successful.
You will be married within a year.
Don't worry so loud, your roommate can't think.
You will be the last person to buy a Chrysler.
You are fairminded, just and loving.
You have a strong desire for a home and your family interests come first.
Your life would be very empty if you had nothing to regret.
If you can read this, you're too close.
"... the educated person is not the person who can answer the questions, but
the person who can question the answers."
"A little fire, Scarecrow?"
"A programmer is a person who passes as an exacting expert on the basis of
being able to turn out, after innumerable punching, an infinite series of
incomprehensive answers calculated with micrometric precisions from vague
assumptions based on debatable figures taken from inconclusive documents
and carried out on instruments of problematical accuracy by persons of
dubious reliability and questionable mentality for the avowed purpose of
annoying and confounding a hopelessly defenseless department that was
unfortunate enough to ask for the information in the first place."
"Acting is an art which consists of keeping the audience from coughing."
"Anchovies? You've got the wrong man! I spell my name DANGER! (click)"
"Benson, you are so free of the ravages of intelligence."
"Beware of the man who works hard to learn something, learns it, and finds
himself no wiser than before," Bokonon tells us. "He is full of murderous
resentment of people who are ignorant without having come by their
ignorance the hard way."
"But I don't like Spam!"
"But this has taken us far afield from interface, which is not a bad place
to be, since I particularly want to move ahead to the kludge. Why do
people have so much trouble understanding the kludge? What is a kludge,
after all, but not enough Ks, not enough ROMs, not enough RAMs, poor
quality interface and too few bytes to go around? Have I explained yet
about the bytes?"
"Calvin Coolidge looks as if he had been weaned on a pickle."
"Contrariwise," continued Tweedledee, "if it was so, it might be; and
if it were so, it would be; but as it isn't, it ain't. That's logic!"
"Creation science" has not entered the curriculum for a reason so simple
and so basic that we often forget to mention it: because it is false, and
because good teachers understand exactly why it is false. What could be
more destructive of that most fragile yet most precious commodity in our
entire intellectual heritage  good teaching  than a bill forcing
honorable teachers to sully their sacred trust by granting equal treatment
to a doctrine not only known to be false, but calculated to undermine any
general understanding of science as an enterprise?
"Deep" is a word like "theory" or "semantic"  it implies all sorts of
marvelous things. It's one thing to be able to say "I've got a theory",
quite another to say "I've got a semantic theory", but, ah, those who can
claim "I've got a deep semantic theory", they are truly blessed.
"Deliver yesterday, code today, think tomorrow."
"Die? I should say not, dear fellow. No Barrymore would allow such a
conventional thing to happen to him."
"Do you have blacks, too?"
"Don't let your mouth write no check that your tail can't cash."
"Don't say yes until I finish talking."
"Drawing on my fine command of language, I said nothing."
"Earth is a great, big funhouse without the fun."
"Even the best of friends cannot attend each other's funeral."
"Every time I think I know where it's at, they move it."
"Grub first, then ethics."
"He didn't say that. He was reading what was given to him in a speech."
"He was so narrow minded he could see through a keyhole with both eyes..."
"He's the kind of man for the times that need the kind of man he is ..."
"His mind is like a steel trap  full of mice."
"Humor is a drug which it's the fashion to abuse."
"I am not an Economist. I am an honest man!"
"I am not sure what this is, but an `F' would only dignify it."
"I didn't accept it. I received it."
"I don't care who does the electing as long as I get to do the nominating."
"I don't have any solution but I certainly admire the problem."
"I have yet to see any problem, however complicated, which, when looked
at in the right way, did not become still more complicated."
"I just need enough to tide me over until I need more."
"I may not be totally perfect, but parts of me are excellent."
"I support efforts to limit the terms of members of Congress, especially
members of the House and members of the Senate."
"I was under medication when I made the decision not to burn the tapes."
"I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous."
"If dolphins are so smart, why did Flipper work for television?"
"If the King's English was good enough for Jesus, it's good enough for me!"
"If you can count your money, you don't have a billion dollars."
"If you go on with this nuclear arms race, all you are going to do is
make the rubble bounce."
"In defeat, unbeatable; in victory, unbearable."
They had their eyes closed. They were seated at their desks with their
heads in a nodding position."
"It is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle if it is
lightly greased."
"It's bad luck to be superstitious."
"It's not Camelot, but it's not Cleveland, either."
"Just once, I wish we would encounter an alien menace that wasn't immune
"Laughter is the closest distance between two people."
"MacDonald has the gift on compressing the largest amount of words into
the smallest amount of thoughts."
"Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain."
"Mate, this parrot wouldn't VOOM if you put four million volts through it!"
"Might as well be frank, monsieur. It would take a miracle to get you
out of Casablanca and the Germans have outlawed miracles."
"Nondeterminism means never having to say you are wrong."
"Of COURSE it's the murder weapon. Who would frame someone with a fake?"
"One planet is all you get."
"She is descended from a long line that her mother listened to."
"Sherry [Thomas Sheridan] is dull, naturally dull; but it must have
taken him a great deal of pains to become what we now see him. Such an
excess of stupidity, sir, is not in Nature."
"Stealing a rhinoceros should not be attempted lightly."
"Sure, it's going to kill a lot of people, but they may be dying of something
else anyway."
"Text processing has made it possible to right-justify any idea, even
one which cannot be justified on any other grounds."
"That must be wonderful! I don't understand it at all."
"The C Programming Language: A language which combines the flexibility of
assembly language with the power of assembly language."
"The Lord gave us farmers two strong hands so we could grab as much as
we could with both of them."
"The difference between a misfortune and a calamity? If Gladstone fell
into the Thames, it would be a misfortune. But if someone dragged him
out again, it would be a calamity."
The brain is a beautifully engineered get-out-of-the-way machine that
constantly scans the environment for things out of whose way it should
right now get. That's what brains did for several hundred million years 
and then, just a few million years ago, the mammalian brain learned a new
trick: to predict the timing and location of dangers before they actually
happened.
Our ability to duck that which is not yet coming is one of the brain's most
stunning innovations, and we wouldn't have dental floss or 401(k) plans
without it. But this innovation is in the early stages of development. The
application that allows us to respond to visible baseballs is ancient and
reliable, but the add-on utility that allows us to respond to threats that
loom in an unseen future is still in beta testing.
"The illegal we do immediately. The unconstitutional takes a bit longer."
"The society which scorns excellence in plumbing as a humble activity and
tolerates shoddiness in philosophy because it is an exaulted activity will
have neither good plumbing nor good philosophy ... neither its pipes nor
its theories will hold water."
"The sooner you fall behind, the more time you'll have to catch up!"
"The streets are safe in Philadelphia. It's only the people who
make them unsafe."
"The warning message we sent the Russians was a calculated ambiguity
that would be clearly understood."
The way to make a small fortune in the commodities market is to start
with a large fortune.
"There are three possibilities: Pioneer's solar panel has turned away
from the sun; there's a large meteor blocking transmission; or someone
loaded Star Trek 3.2 into our video processor."
"There are two ways of disliking poetry; one way is to dislike it, the
other is to read Pope."
"There was a boy called Eustace Clarence Scrubb, and he almost deserved it."
"They gave me a book of checks. They didn't ask for any deposits."
This is a country where people are free to practice their religion,
regardless of race, creed, color, obesity, or number of dangling keys...
"To YOU I'm an atheist; to God, I'm the Loyal Opposition."
"Tom Hayden is the kind of politician who gives opportunism a bad name."
"Under capitalism, man exploits man. Under Communism, it's just the opposite."
"We don't care. We don't have to. We're the Phone Company."
"We don't have to protect the environment  the Second Coming is at hand."
"We have reason to believe that man first walked upright to free his
hands for masturbation."
"We'll cross out that bridge when we come back to it later."
"Well, if you can't believe what you read in a comic book, what CAN
you believe?!"
"What is the robbing of a bank compared to the FOUNDING of a bank?"
"When the going gets tough, the tough get empirical."
"When you have to kill a man it costs nothing to be polite."
"Where shall I begin, please your Majesty?" he asked. "Begin at the
beginning," the King said, gravely, "and go on till you come to the end:
then stop."
"Why be a man, when you can be a success?"
"Why isn't there a special name for the tops of your feet?"
"Why was I born with such contemporaries?"
"Would you tell me, please, which way I ought to go from here?"
"Yacc" owes much to a most stimulating collection of users, who have goaded
me beyond my inclination, and frequently beyond my ability in their endless
search for "one more feature". Their irritating unwillingness to learn how
to do things my way has usually led to my doing things their way; most of
the time, they have been right.
"Yes, that was Richard Nixon. He used to be President. When he left the
White House, the Secret Service would count the silverware."
"Yes, well, that's just the sort of blinkered, Philistine pig-ignorance I've
come to expect from you non-creative garbage. You sit there on your loathsome
spotty behinds squeezing blackheads, not caring a tinker's cuss for the
struggling artist, you excrement! You whining, hypocritical toadies with your
Tony Jacklin golf clubs, your colour TVs and your bleedin' Masonic handshakes!
You wouldn't let me join, would you, you blackballing bastards?! WELL I
WOULDN'T BECOME A FREEMASON NOW IF YOU GOT DOWN ON YOUR LOUSY STINKING KNEES
AND BEGGED ME!"
"You can't teach people to be lazy - either they have it, or they don't."
"You'll never be the man your mother was!"
which time it will be worth absolutely nothing.
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar. The first one orders
a beer. The second orders half a beer. The third, a quarter of a beer. The
bartender says "You're all idiots", and pours two beers.
Any code of your own that you haven't looked at for six or more months
might as well have been written by someone else.
... But if we laugh with derision, we will never understand. Human
intellectual capacity has not altered for thousands of years so far as we
can tell. If intelligent people invested intense energy in issues that now
seem foolish to us, then the failure lies in our understanding of their
world, not in their distorted perceptions. Even the standard example of
ancient nonsense  the debate about angels on pinheads  makes sense once
you realize that theologians were not discussing whether five or eighteen
would fit, but whether a pin could house a finite or an infinite number.
... Fortunately, the responsibility for providing evidence is on the part of
the person making the claim, not the critic. It is not the responsibility
of UFO skeptics to prove that a UFO has never existed, nor is it the
responsibility of paranormal-health-claims skeptics to prove that crystals
or colored lights never healed anyone. The skeptic's role is to point out
claims that are not adequately supported by acceptable evidence and to
provide plausible alternative explanations that are more in keeping with
the accepted body of scientific evidence. ...
... Had this been an actual emergency, we would have fled in terror,
and you would not have been informed.
... The book is worth attention for only two reasons: (1) it attacks
attempts to expose sham paranormal studies; and (2) it is very well and
plausibly written and so rather harder to dismiss or refute by simple
jeering.
The first principle is that you must not fool yourselfand you are the
easiest person to fool. So you have to be very careful about that. After
you've not fooled yourself, it's easy not to fool other scientists. You
just have to be honest in a conventional way after that.
... if the church put in half the time on covetousness that it does on lust,
this would be a better world.
... the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost would never throw the Devil out
of Heaven as long as they still need him as a fourth for bridge.
...I would go so far as to suggest that, were it not for our ego and
concern to be different, the African apes would be included in our family,
the Hominidae.
... It is sad to find him belaboring the science community for its united
opposition to ignorant creationists who want teachers and textbooks to give
equal time to crank arguments that have advanced not a step beyond the
flyblown rhetoric of Bishop Wilberforce and William Jennings Bryan.
...computer hardware progress is so fast. No other technology since
civilization began has seen six orders of magnitude in performance-price
gain in 30 years.
...difference of opinion is advantageous in religion. The several sects
perform the office of a common censor morum over each other. Is uniformity
attainable? Millions of innocent men, women, and children, since the
introduction of Christianity, have been burnt, tortured, fined, imprisoned;
yet we have not advanced one inch towards uniformity.
...it still remains true that as a set of cognitive beliefs about the
existence of God in any recognizable sense continuous with the great
systems of the past, religious doctrines constitute a speculative
hypothesis of an extremely low order of probability.
...the increased productivity fostered by a friendly environment and quality
tools is essential to meet ever increasing demands for software.
...there can be no public or private virtue unless the foundation of action is
the practice of truth.
...this is an awesome sight. The entire rebel resistance buried under six
million hardbound copies of "The Naked Lunch."
...though his invention worked superbly  his theory was a crock of sewage
from beginning to end.
...when fits of creativity run strong, more than one programmer or writer has
been known to abandon the desktop for the more spacious floor.
36 percent of the American public believes that boiling radioactive milk
makes it safe to drink.
43rd Law of Computing: Anything that can go wr
fortune: Segmentation fault  core dumped
A bore is a man you deprives you of solitude without providing you with
company.
A Nixon [is preferable to] a Dean Rusk  who will be passionately
wrong with a high sense of consistency.
A Puritan is someone who is deathly afraid that someone somewhere is
having fun.
A baby is an alimentary canal with a loud voice at one end and no
responsibility at the other.
A bachelor is a selfish, undeserving guy who has cheated some woman
out of a divorce.
A bore is someone who persists in holding his own views after we have
enlightened him with ours.
A budget is just a method of worrying before you spend money, as well as
afterward.
A candidate is a person who gets money from the rich and votes from the
poor to protect them from each other.
A clash of doctrine is not a disaster  it is an opportunity.
A conference is a gathering of important people who singly can do nothing,
but together can decide that nothing can be done.
A conservative is a man who believes that nothing should be done for
the first time.
A conservative is a man with two perfectly good legs who has never
learned to walk.
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you
will look forward to the trip.
A famous Lisp Hacker noticed an Undergraduate sitting in front of a Xerox
1108, trying to edit a complex Klone network via a browser. Wanting to
help, the Hacker clicked one of the nodes in the network with the mouse,
and asked "what do you see?" Very earnestly, the Undergraduate replied "I
see a cursor." The Hacker then quickly pressed the boot toggle at the back
of the keyboard, while simultaneously hitting the Undergraduate over the
head with a thick Interlisp Manual. The Undergraduate was then Enlightened.
A fool's brain digests philosophy into folly, science into
superstition, and art into pedantry. Hence University education.
A good listener is not only popular everywhere, but after a while he knows
something.
A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely
rearranging their prejudices.
A healthy male adult bore consumes each year one and a half times his weight
in other people's patience.
A language that doesn't affect the way you think about programming is
not worth knowing.
A language that doesn't have everything is actually easier to program
in than some that do.
A large number of installed systems work by fiat. That is, they work
by being declared to work.
A learning experience is one of those things that says, "You know that
thing you just did? Don't do that."
A little retrospection shows that although many fine, useful software systems
have been designed by committees and built as part of multipart projects,
those software systems that have excited passionate fans are those that are
the products of one or a few designing minds, great designers. Consider Unix,
APL, Pascal, Modula, the Smalltalk interface, even Fortran; and contrast them
with Cobol, PL/I, Algol, MVS/370, and MS-DOS.
A lot of people I know believe in positive thinking, and so do I. I
believe everything positively stinks.
"However," replied the Universe, "the fact has not created in me a
sense of obligation."
A manager would rather live with a problem that he cannot solve than
accept a solution that he does not understand.
A mathematician named Hall
Has a hexahedronical ball,
Is his phone number  give him a call.
A model is an artifice for helping you convince yourself that you
understand more about a system than you do.
A person with one watch knows what time it is; a person with two watches is
never sure.  Proverb
A psychiatrist is a person who will give you expensive answers that
your wife will give you for free.
A quarrel is quickly settled when deserted by one party; there is no battle
unless there be two.
A real patriot is the fellow who gets a parking ticket and rejoices
that the system works.
A real person has two reasons for doing anything ... a good reason and
the real reason.
A recent study has found that concentrating on difficult off-screen
objects, such as the faces of loved ones, causes eye strain in computer
scientists. Researchers into the phenomenon cite the added
concentration needed to "make sense" of such unnatural three
dimensional objects ...
A scout troop consists of twelve little kids dressed like schmucks following
a big schmuck dressed like a kid.
A student who changes the course of history is probably taking an
exam.
A successful tool is one that was used to do something undreamed of by
its author.
A thing is worth precisely what it can do for you, not what you choose to
pay for it.
A total abstainer is one who abstains from everything but abstention,
and especially from inactivity in the affairs of others.
A university is what a college becomes when the faculty loses interest
in students.
A vacuum is a hell of a lot better than some of the stuff that nature
replaces it with.
A well adjusted person is one who makes the same mistake twice without
getting nervous.
Ada, n.: Something you need only know the name of to be an Expert in
computing. Useful in sentences like, "We had better develop an Ada
awareness."
Absurdity, n.: A statement or belief manifestly inconsistent with one's own
opinion.
Accident, n.: A condition in which presence of mind is good, but absence of
body is better.
worthless.
According to my scuba instructor, if a shark attacks, you're supposed to
poke it in the eye with your finger. After that, I suppose you should hit
it in the face with a cream pie, or maybe hose it down with a seltzer bottle.
Acquaintance, n.: A person whom we know well enough to borrow from, but not
well enough to lend to.
Admiration, n.: Our polite recognition of another's resemblance to ourselves.
Adore, v.: To venerate expectantly.
Advertising: The science of arresting the human intelligence long enough to
get money from it.
After all, what is your hosts' purpose in having a party? Surely not
for you to enjoy yourself; if that were their sole purpose, they'd have
simply sent champagne and women over to your place by taxi.
After any machine or unit has been assembled, extra components will be
found on the bench.
After the last of 16 mounting screws has been removed from an access cover,
it will be discovered that the wrong access cover has been removed.
After winning the pennant one year, Casey Stengel commented, "I couldn'ta
done it without my players."
Albert Einstein, when asked to describe radio, replied: "You see, wire
telegraph is a kind of a very, very long cat. You pull his tail in New
York and his head is meowing in Los Angeles. Do you understand this? And
radio operates exactly the same way: you send signals here, they receive
them there. The only difference is that there is no cat."
Alexander Graham Bell is alive and well in New York, and still waiting for a
dial tone.
Alimony is a system by which, when two people make a mistake, one of
them keeps paying for it.
All I kin say is when you finds yo'self wanderin' in a peach orchard,
ya don't go lookin' for rutabagas.
All a hacker needs is a tight PUSHJ, a loose pair of UUOs, and a warm
place to shift.
All programmers are optimists. Perhaps this modern sorcery especially attracts
those who believe in happy endings and fairy godmothers. Perhaps the hundreds
of nitty frustrations drive away all but those who habitually focus on the end
goal. Perhaps it is merely that computers are young, programmers are younger,
and the young are always optimists. But however the selection process works,
the result is indisputable: "This time it will surely run," or "I just found
the last bug."
All progress is based upon a universal innate desire on the part of
every organism to live beyond its income.
All through human history, tyrannies have tried to enforce obedience by
prohibiting disrespect for the symbols of their power. The swastika is
only one example of many in recent history.
Allen's Axiom: When all else fails, read the instructions.
Alliance, n.: In international politics, the union of two thieves who have
their hands so deeply inserted in each other's pocket that they cannot
separately plunder a third.
Although every American has a sense of humorit is his birthright and
encoded somewhere in the Constitutionfew Americans have never been able to
cope with wit or irony, and even the simplest jokes often cause unease,
especially today when every phrase must be examined for covert sexism,
racism, ageism.
Ambidextrous, adj.: Able to pick with equal skill a right-hand pocket or a
left.
An American's a person who isn't afraid to criticize the President but
is always polite to traffic cops.
An object never serves the same function as its imageor its name.
Anarchy may not be the best form of government, but it's better than no
government at all.
And now that the legislators and the do-gooders have so futilely inflicted
so many systems upon society, may they end up where they should have begun:
may they reject all systems, and try liberty...
And the Lord God said unto Moses  and correctly, I believe ...
And the crowd was stilled. One elderly man, wondering at the sudden silence,
turned to the Child and asked him to repeat what he had said. Wide-eyed,
the Child raised his voice and said once again, "Why, the Emperor has no
clothes! He is naked!"
And this is a table ma'am. What in essence it consists of is a horizontal
rectilinear plane surface maintained by four vertical columnar supports,
which we call legs. The tables in this laboratory, ma'am, are as advanced
in design as one will find anywhere in the world.
And thou shalt eat it as barley cakes, and thou shalt bake it with dung that
cometh out of man, in their sight...Then he [the Lord!] said unto me, Lo, I
have given thee cow's dung for man's dung, and thou shalt prepare thy bread
therewith. [Ezek. 4:12-15 (KJV)]
Anoint, v.: To grease a king or other great functionary already sufficiently
slippery.
Anthony's Law of Force: Do not force it; get a larger hammer.
Anthony's Law of the Workshop: Any tool when dropped, will roll into the
Corollary: On the way to the corner, any dropped tool will first strike
Antiquis temporibus, nati tibi similes in rupibus ventosissimis exponebantur
ad necem. (In the good old days, children like you were left to perish on
windswept crags.)
Antonym, n.: The opposite of the word you're trying to think of.
Any fool can paint a picture, but it takes a wise person to be able to
sell it.
Any job worth quitting is worth sticking around long enough until they
fire you.
Any medium powerful enough to extend man's reach is powerful enough to topple
his world. To get the medium's magic to work for one's aims rather than
against them is to attain literacy.
Any small object that is accidentally dropped will hide under a
larger object.
Anyone who cannot cope with mathematics is not fully human. At best he is a
tolerable subhuman who has learned to wear shoes, bathe and not make messes
in the house.
Anyone who knows history, particularly the history of Europe, will, I think,
recognize that the domination of education or of government by any one
particular religious faith is never a happy arrangement for the people.
Anything labeled "NEW" and/or "IMPROVED" isn't. The label means the
price went up. The label "ALL NEW", "COMPLETELY NEW", or "GREAT NEW"
means the price went way up.
Arbolist . . . Look up the word. I don't know, maybe I made it up. Anyway,
it's an arbo-tree-ist, somebody who knows about trees.
army, n.: A body of men assembled to rectify the mistakes of the diplomats.
Army Axiom: An order that can be misunderstood will be misunderstood.
As long as war is regarded as wicked, it will always have its fascination.
When it is looked upon as vulgar, it will cease to be popular.
As regards the individual nature, woman is defective and misbegotten, for the
active power of the male seed tends to the production of a perfect likeness in
the masculine sex; while the production of a woman comes from defect in the
active power.
As soon as we started programming, we found to our surprise that it wasn't
as easy to get programs right as we had thought. Debugging had to be
discovered. I can remember the exact instant when I realized that a large
part of my life from then on was going to be spent in finding mistakes in
my own programs.
As the poet said, "Only God can make a tree"  probably because it's
so hard to figure out how to get the bark on.
As the system comes up, the component builders will from time to time appear,
bearing hot new versions of their pieces  faster, smaller, more complete,
or putatively less buggy. The replacement of a working component by a new
version requires the same systematic testing procedure that adding a new
component does, although it should require less time, for more complete and
efficient test cases will usually be available.
As the trials of life continue to take their toll, remember that there
is always a future in Computer Maintenance.
As to Jesus of Nazareth...I think the system of Morals and his Religion,
as he left them to us, the best the World ever saw or is likely to see;
but I apprehend it has received various corrupting Changes, and I have,
with most of the present Dissenters in England, some doubts as to his
divinity.
As with most fine things, chocolate has its season. There is a simple
memory aid that you can use to determine whether it is the correct time
to order chocolate dishes: any month whose name contains the letter A,
E, or U is the proper time for chocolate.
Ask not for whom the telephone bell tolls ... if thou art in the bathtub,
it tolls for thee.
Ask your boss to reconsider  it's so difficult to take "Go to hell"
for an answer.
Assuming that either the left wing or the right wing gained control of the
country, it would probably fly around in circles.
At Group L, Stoffel oversees six first-rate programmers, a managerial
challenge roughly comparable to herding cats.
At a recent meeting in Snowmass, Colorado, a participant from Los Angeles
fainted from hyperoxygenation, and we had to hold his head under the
exhaust of a bus until he revived.
At first sight, the idea of any rules or principles being superimposed on
the creative mind seems more likely to hinder than to help, but this is
quite untrue in practice. Disciplined thinking focuses inspiration rather
than blinkers it.
At the heart of science is an essential tension between two seemingly
contradictory attitudes  an openness to new ideas, no matter how bizarre
or counterintuitive they may be, and the most ruthless skeptical scrutiny
of all ideas, old and new. This is how deep truths are winnowed from deep
nonsense. Of course, scientists make mistakes in trying to understand the
world, but there is a built-in error-correcting mechanism: The collective
enterprise of creative thinking and skeptical thinking together keeps the
field on track.
At the source of every error which is blamed on the computer you will
find at least two human errors, including the error of blaming it on
the computer.
Athens built the Acropolis. Corinth was a commercial city, interested in
purely materialistic things. Today we admire Athens, visit it, preserve the
old temples, yet we hardly ever set foot in Corinth.
Automobile, n.: A four-wheeled vehicle that runs up hills and down pedestrians.
Bad sneakers and a pia colada, my friend
Stompin' down the avenue by Radio City
With a transistor and a large sum of money to spend.
Barth's Distinction: There are two types of people: those who divide people
into two types, and those who don't.
Basic, n.: A programming language. Related to certain social diseases in
Be assured that a walk through the ocean of most Souls would scarcely get
your Feet wet. Fall not in Love, therefore: it will stick to your face.
Be regular and orderly in your life so that you may be violent and original
in your work.
Beifeld's Principle: The probability of a young man meeting a desirable and
receptive young female increases by pyramidal progression when he is
already in the company of: (1) a date, (2) his wife, (3) a better looking
and richer male friend.
Berkeley's First Law of Mistakes: The moment you have worked out an answer,
start checking itit probably isn't right.
Corollary 1 to Berkeley's First Law of Mistakes: Always let an answer cool
off for awhileit should not be used while hot.
Corollary 2 to Berkeley's First Law of Mistakes: Check the answer you have
worked out once morebefore you tell it to anybody.
Berkeley's Second Law of Mistakes: If there is an opportunity to make a
mistake, sooner or later, the mistake will be made.
Between the legs of the women walking by, the dadaists imagined a monkey
wrench and the surrealists a crystal cup. That's lost.
Beware of the Turing Tar-pit in which everything is possible but
nothing of interest is easy.
Biggest security gap - an open mouth.
Bingo, gas station, hamburger with a side order of airplane noise,
and you'll be Gary, Indiana. - Jessie in the movie "Greaser's Palace"
Birth, n.: The first and direst of all disasters.
Bleeding into a new computer is always a good thing; it's an ancient geek
voodoo magic to ensure its long life and reliability.
Blessed is the man who is too busy to worry in the daytime and too sleepy to
worry at night.
Board the windows, up your car insurance, and don't leave any booze in
plain sight. It's St. Patrick's day in Chicago again. The legend has it
that St. Patrick drove the snakes out of Ireland. In fact, he was arrested
for drunk driving. The snakes left because people kept throwing up on
them.
Boling's postulate: If you're feeling good, don't worry. You'll get over it.
Bombeck's Rule of Medicine: Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
Bond reflected that good Americans were fine people and that most of them
seemed to come from Texas.
Boob's Law: You always find something in the last place you look.
Bore, n.: A person who talks when you wish him to listen.
the words "boss" and "botch" were largely synonymous, except that boss,
in addition to meaning "a supervisor of workers" also meant "an
ornamental stud."
Bradley's Bromide: If computers get too powerful, we can organize them into a
committee. that will do them in.
committee. That will do them in.
Brady's First Law of Problem Solving: When confronted by a difficult
problem, you can solve it more easily by reducing it to the question, "How
would the Lone Ranger have handled this?"
Brain fried  core dumped
Brain, n.: The apparatus with which we think that we think.
error in an opponent.
Bride, n.: A woman with a fine prospect of happiness behind her.
Bringing computers into the home won't change either one, but may
revitalize the corner saloon.
Bucy's Law: Nothing is ever accomplished by a reasonable man.
Bunk Carter's Law: At any given moment there are more important people in
the world than important jobs to contain them.
Bureaucrat, n.: A politician who has tenure.
Bureaucrats cut read tape  length-wise.
But in our enthusiasm, we could not resist a radical overhaul of the
system, in which all of its major weaknesses have been exposed,
analyzed, and replaced with new weaknesses.
By doing just a little every day, I can gradually let the task completely
overwhelm me.
By doing just a little every day, you can gradually let the task
completely overwhelm you.
By long-standing tradition, I take this opportunity to savage other
designers in the thin disguise of good, clean fun.
By one count there are some 700 scientists with respectable academic
credentials (out of a total of 480,000 U.S. earth and life scientists) who
give credence to creation-science, the general theory that complex life
forms did not evolve but appeared "abruptly."
C, n.: A programming language that is sort of like Pascal except more like
assembly except that it isn't very much like either one, or anything else.
It is either the best language available to the art today, or it isn't.
Cabbage, n.: A familiar kitchen-garden vegetable about as large and wise as
a man's head.
Cabbage: A familiar kitchen-garden vegetable about as large and wise
as a man's head.
Cahn's Axiom: When all else fails, read the instructions.
California is a fine place to live  if you happen to be an orange.
California is the land of perpetual pubescence, where cultural lag is
mistaken for renaissance.
Cannot fork  try again.
Captain Penny's Law: You can fool all of the people some of the time,
and some of the people all of the time, but you can't fool Mom.
Carelessly planned projects take three times longer to complete than
expected. Carefully planned projects take four times longer to
complete than expected, mostly because the planners expect their
planning to reduce the time it takes.
dozen times, reaching over and picking it up, examining it, then
putting it back down to give the vacuum one more chance.
Certain old men prefer to rise at dawn, taking a cold bath and a long walk
with an empty stomach and otherwise mortifying the flesh. They then point
with pride to these practices as the cause of their sturdy health and ripe
years; the truth being that they are hearty and old, not because of their
habits, but in spite of them. The reason we find only robust persons doing
this thing is that it has killed all the others who have tried it.
Chemicals, n.: Noxious substances from which modern foods are made.
Children are natural mimics who act like their parents despite every effort
to teach them good manners.
Children begin by loving their parents. After a time they judge them. Rarely,
if ever, do they forgive them.
Children seldom misquote you. In fact, they usually repeat word for
word what you shouldn't have said.
Civilisation is the art of living in towns of such size that everyone does
not know everyone else.
Civilization Law #1: Civilization advances by extending the number of
important operations one can do without thinking about them.
[Classical music] would be a lot more popular if they gave the pieces titles
like "Kill the Wabbit."
Cogito cogito ergo cogito sum 
"I think that I think, therefore I think that I am."
Cohen's Law: Everyone knows that the name of the game is what label you
succeed in imposing on the facts.
Collaboration, n.: A literary partnership based on the false assumption
that the other fellow can spell.
Come to think of it, there are already a million monkeys on a million
typewriters, and Usenet is nothing like Shakespeare.
Commitment, n.: Commitment can be illustrated by a breakfast of ham and
eggs. The chicken was involved, the pig was committed.
Computer Science: the boring art of coping with a large number of trivialities
(The Devil's DP Dictionary)
Computer literacy is a contact with the activity of computing deep enough to
make the computational equivalent of reading and writing fluent and enjoyable.
As in all the arts, a romance with the material must be well under way. If
we value the lifelong learning of arts and letters as a springboard for
personal and societal growth, should any less effort be spent to make computing
a part of our lives?
Concept, n.: Any "idea" for which an outside consultant billed you more than
$25,000.
Conceptual integrity in turn dictates that the design must proceed from one
mind, or from a very small number of agreeing resonant minds.
Confession is good for the soul only in the sense that a tweed coat is
good for dandruff.
Conservative, n.: One who admires radicals centuries after they're dead.
Consultants are mystical people who ask a company for a number and then
give it back to them.
Conversation, n.: A vocal competition in which the one who is catching his
breath is called the listener.
Conway's Law: Any piece of software reflects the organizational structure
that produced it.
Coronation, n.: The ceremony of investing a sovereign with the outward and
visible signs of his divine right to be blown sky-high with a dynamite bomb.
Corporation, n. An ingenious device for obtaining individual profit
without individual responsibility.
Corrupt, adj.: In politics, holding an office of trust or profit.
Corruption is not the #1 priority of the Police Commissioner. His job
is to enforce the law and fight crime.
Coward, n.: One who in a perilous emergency thinks with his legs.
Crash programs fail because they are based on the theory that, with
nine women pregnant, you can get a baby a month.
Creationists make it sound as though a "theory" is something you dreamt up
after being drunk all night.
Criminal: A person with predatory instincts who has not sufficient capital
to form a corporation.
Critic, n.: A person who boasts himself hard to please because nobody tries
to please him.
Cudgel thy brains no more about it, for your dull ass will not mend his
pace with beating.
Cynic, n.: A blackguard whose faulty vision sees things as they are, not
as they ought to be. Hence the custom among the Scythians of plucking
out a cynic's eyes to improve his vision.
Cynic, n.: One who looks through rose-colored glasses with a jaundiced eye.
Dawn, n.: The time when men of reason go to bed.
Dealing with failure is easy: work hard to improve. Success is also easy to
handle: you've solved the wrong problem. Work hard to improve.
Debugging is anticipated with distaste, performed with reluctance, and bragged
about forever.
Therefore, if you write the code as cleverly as possible, you areby
definitionnot smart enough to debug it.
Decisionmaker, n.: The person in your office who was unable to form a task
force before the music stopped.
Decisions of the judges will be final unless shouted down by a really
overwhelming majority of the crowd present. Abusive and obscene language
may not be used by contestants when addressing members of the judging
panel, or, conversely, by members of the judging panel when addressing
contestants (unless struck by a boomerang).
Deliberation, n.: The act of examining one's bread to determine which side it
is buttered on.
Democracy is a form of government in which it is permitted to wonder
aloud what the country could do under first-class management.
Democracy is a form of government that substitutes election by the
incompetent many for appointment by the corrupt few.
Democracy is the recurrent suspicion that more than half of the people
are right more than half of the time.
Denniston's Law: Virtue is its own punishment.
Digital computers are themselves more complex than most things people build:
They have very large numbers of states. This makes conceiving, describing,
and testing them hard. Software systems have orders-of-magnitude more states
than computers do.
Diplomacy is the art of extricating oneself from a situation that tact
would have prevented in the first place.
Disc space  the final frontier!
Discovery consists in seeing what everyone else has seen and thinking what no
one else has thought.
Distress, n.: A disease incurred by exposure to the prosperity of a friend.
Do not allow this language (Ada) in its present state to be used in
applications where reliability is critical, i.e., nuclear power stations,
cruise missiles, early warning systems, anti-ballistic missle defense
systems. The next rocket to go astray as a result of a programming language
error may not be an exploratory space rocket on a harmless trip to Venus:
It may be a nuclear warhead exploding over one of our cities. An unreliable
programming language generating unreliable programs constitutes a far
greater risk to our environment and to our society than unsafe cars, toxic
pesticides, or accidents at nuclear power stations.
Do not try to solve all life's problems at once  learn to dread each
day as it comes.
Do you realize how many holes there could be if people would just take
the time to take the dirt out of them?
Documentation is like sex: when it is good, it is very, very good; and
when it is bad, it is better than nothing.
Documentation is the castor oil of programming. Managers know it must
be good because the programmers hate it so much.
Dobbin's Law: When in doubt, use a bigger hammer.
Don't get suckered in by the comments  they can be terribly misleading.
Debug only code.
Don't put off for tomorrow what you can do today, because if you enjoy
it today you can do it again tomorrow.
Don't try to outweird me, three-eyes. I get stranger things than you free
with my breakfast cereal.
Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It's already
tomorrow in Australia.
Don't worry about things that you have no control over, because you have no
control over them. Don't worry about things that you have control over,
because you have control over them.
Don't worry about what other people are thinking about you. They're too
busy worrying about what you are thinking about them.
Ducharme's Axiom: If you view your problem closely enough you will recognize
yourself as part of the problem.
Ducharme's Precept: Opportunity always knocks at the least opportune moment.
Duct tape is like the force. It has a light side, and a dark side, and
it holds the universe together ...
Due to a shortage of devoted followers, the production of great leaders
has been discontinued.
Due to circumstances beyond your control, you are master of your fate
and captain of your soul.
Dum excusare credis, accusas. (When you believe you are excusing yourself,
you are accusing yourself.)
Dunne's Law: The territory behind rhetoric is too often mined with
equivocation.
During almost fifteen centuries the legal establishment of Christianity has
been upon trial. What has been its fruits? More or less, in all places,
pride and indolence in the clergy; ignorance and servility in the laity;
in both, superstition, bigotry, and persecution.
Dying is a very dull, dreary affair. And my advice to you is to
have nothing whatever to do with it.
Each honest calling, each walk of life, has its own elite, its own aristocracy
based on excellence of performance.
Each team building another component has been using the most recent tested
version of the integrated system as a test bed for debugging its piece. Their
work will be set back by having that test bed change under them. Of course it
must. But the changes need to be quantized. Then each user has periods of
productive stability, interrupted by bursts of test-bed change. This seems
to be much less disruptive than a constant rippling and trembling.
Economics, n.: Economics is the study of the value and meaning of J. K.
Galbraith ...
Education has produced a vast population able to read but unable to distinguish
what is worth reading.
Egotism is the anesthetic given by a kindly nature to relieve the pain
of being a damned fool.
Egotist, n.: A person of low taste, more interested in himself than in me.
Einstein argued that there must be simplified explanations of nature, because
God is not capricious or arbitrary. No such faith comforts the software
engineer.
Emersons' Law of Contrariness: Our chief want in life is somebody who shall
make us do what we can. Having found them, we shall then hate them for it.
Enzymes are things invented by biologists that explain things which
otherwise require harder thinking.
Etymology, n.: Some early etymological scholars came up with derivations that
were hard for the public to believe. The term "etymology" was formed
from the Latin "etus" ("eaten"), the root "mal" ("bad"), and "logy"
("study of"). It meant "the study of things that are hard to swallow."
Even if you can deceive people about a product through misleading statements,
sooner or later the product will speak for itself.
Even if you do learn to speak correct English, whom are you going to
speak it to?
Even though they raised the rate for first class mail in the United
States we really shouldn't complain  it's still only 2 cents a day.
Ever notice that even the busiest people are never too busy to tell you
just how busy they are.
Ever wander around the web, look at discussions, totally agree with one of
the points of view, and then notice it was posted under one of your web
aliases 5 years ago?
Every 4 seconds a woman has a baby. Our problem is to find this woman
and stop her.
Horses have an even number of legs. Behind they have two legs, and in
front they have fore-legs. This makes six legs, which is certainly an
odd number of legs for a horse. But the only number that is both even
and odd is infinity. Therefore, horses have an infinite number of
legs. Now to show this for the general case, suppose that somewhere,
there is a horse that has a finite number of legs. But that is a horse
of another color, and by the [above] lemma ["All horses are the same
color"], that does not exist.
Every Solidarity center had piles and piles of paper .... everyone was
eating paper and a policeman was at the door. Now all you have to do is
bend a disk.
Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired
signifies in the final sense, a theft from those who hunger and are not
fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. This world in arms is not
spending money alone. It is spending the sweat of its laborers, the
genius of its scientists, the hopes of its children. This is not a way
of life at all in any true sense. Under the clouds of war, it is
humanity hanging on a cross of iron.
Every program has at least one bug and can be shortened by at least one
instruction  from which, by induction, one can deduce that every
program can be reduced to one instruction which doesn't work.
Every program has two purposes  one for which it was written and another
for which it wasn't.
Every successful person has had failures, but repeated failure is no
guarantee of eventual success.
Dykstra's Law: Everybody is somebody else's weirdo.
Everything is controlled by a small evil group to which, unfortunately,
no one we know belongs.
Everything you've learned in school as "obvious" becomes less and less
obvious as you begin to study the universe. For example, there are no
solids in the universe. There's not even a suggestion of a solid. There
are no absolute continuums. There are no surfaces. There are no straight
lines.
Only a spiritually bankrupt society could ever believe it. ... Only
atheists could accept this Satanic theory.
Evolution does not require the nonexistence of God, it merely allows for
it. That alone is enough to evoke condemnation from those who fear the
nonexistence of God more than they fear God Himself.
Excess on occasion is exhilarating. It prevents moderation from
acquiring the deadening effect of a habit.
Expense Accounts, n.: Corporate food stamps.
Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you recognize a mistake when
you make it again.
Experience is the worst teacher. It always gives the test first and
the instructions afterward.
FLASH! Intelligence of mankind decreasing. Details at ... uh, when
the little hand is on the ....
Facts are simple and facts are straight / Facts are lazy and facts are late.
Facts all come with points of view / Facts don't do what I want them to.
Facts just twist the truth around / Facts are living turned inside out.
Facts are getting the best of them / Facts are nothing on the face of things.
Facts don't stain the furniture / Facts go out and slam the door.
Facts are written all over your face / Facts continue to change their shape.
Failing to get them to do it your way might mean they're stupid, but it also
means you failed to get them to do it your way.
Faire de la bonne cuisine demande un certain temps. Si on vous fait attendre,
c'est pour mieux vous servir, et vous plaire.
[Good cooking takes time. If you are made to wait, it is to serve you better,
and to please you.]
Families, when a child is born/Want it to be intelligent.
I, through intelligence,/Having wrecked my whole life,
Only hope the baby will prove/Ignorant and stupid.
Then he will crown a tranquil life/By becoming a Cabinet Minister
Fanaticism consists of redoubling your efforts when you have forgotten your
aim.
Fantasy, abandoned by reason, produces impossible monsters;
united with it, she is the mother of the arts and the origin of marvels.
Far better it is to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs, even though
checkered by failure, than to take rank with those poor spirits who neither
enjoy much nor suffer much, because they live in the gray twilight that knows
not victory or defeat.
Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it
every six months.
Felson's Law: To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism; to steal from
many is research.
Finagle's First Law: If an experiment works, something has gone wrong.
Finagle's Second Law: Once a job is fouled up, anything done to improve it
only makes it worse.
Finding the occasional straw of truth awash in a great ocean of confusion and
bamboozle requires intelligence, vigilance, dedication and courage. But if we
don't practice these tough habits of thought, we cannot hope to solve the truly
serious problems that face us  and we risk becoming a nation of suckers, up
for grabs by the next charlatan who comes along.
Fine, Java MIGHT be a good example of what a programming language should be
like. But Java applications are good examples of what applications
SHOULDN'T be like.
Finster's Law: a closed mouth gathers no feet.
First Law of Procrastination: Procrastination shortens the job and places
the responsibility for its termination on someone else (i.e., the authority
who imposed the deadline).
First Law of Socio-Genetics: Celibacy is not hereditary.
First Rule of History: History doesn't repeat itself, historians merely
repeat each other.
Football combines the two worst features of American life: violence and
committee meetings.
For a while there I was worried that my tin foil beanie was blocking the
TopFive.com website. Luckily it turned out to be a router problem.
For an idea to be fashionable is ominous, since it must afterwards be
always old-fashioned.
For some reason a glaze passes over people's faces when you say
"Canada". Maybe we should invade South Dakota or something.
For the politicians this was never about how efficient they could make
things happen or how to solve a problem, it is about the *appearance* of
efficiency, or problem solving. My observation is that most politicians
think more like sales people than technicians, and are about as clueful.
Which means, unless the politicians change the way they think, discussion
about how to use *them* to go about really solving these problems would be
like asking a booth babe to write a kernel module.
Forgetfulness, n.: A gift of God bestowed upon debtors in compensation for
their destitution of conscience.
Fourth Law of Revision: It is usually impractical to worry beforehand about
interferences  if you have none, someone will make one for you.
If the probability of success is not almost one, then it is damn near zero.
Frisbeetarianism, n.: The belief that when you die, your soul goes up on the
roof and gets stuck.
Usually abbreviated to FROB. Thus one has the saying "to frob a
frob". See TWEAK and TWIDDLE. Usage: FROB, TWIDDLE, and TWEAK
sometimes connote points along a continuum. FROB connotes aimless
manipulation; TWIDDLE connotes gross manipulation, often a coarse
search for a proper setting; TWEAK connotes fine-tuning. If someone is
turning a knob on an oscilloscope, then if he's carefully adjusting it
he is probably tweaking it; if he is just turning it but looking at the
screen he is probably twiddling it; but if he's just doing it because
turning a knob is fun, he's frobbing it.
From the ice-age to the dole-age
there is but one concern
and I have just discovered:
some girls are bigger than others
some girls are bigger than
other girls' mothers
Froud's Law: A transistor protected by a fast acting fuse will protect the
fuse by blowing first.
Fudd's First Law of Opposition: Push something hard enough and it will
fall over.
Furbling, v.: Having to wander through a maze of ropes at an airport or bank
even when you are the only person in line.
Gadji beri bimba clandridi/Lauli lonni cadori gadjam
A bim beri glassala glandride/E glassala tuffm I Zimbra.
G. B. Shaw to William Douglas Home: "Go on writing plays, my boy. One
of these days a London producer will go into his office and say to his
secretary, `Is there a play from Shaw this morning?' and when she says
`No,' he will say, `Well, then we'll have to start on the rubbish.'
Garbage In  Gospel Out.
Garter, n.: An elastic band intended to keep a woman from coming out of her
stockings and desolating the country.
Genderplex, n.: The predicament of a person in a restaurant who is unable to
determine his or her designated restroom (e.g., turtles and tortoises).
Genetics explains why you look like your father, and if you don't, why
you should.
Geology shows that fossils are of different ages. Paleontology shows a
fossil sequence, the list of species represented changes through time.
Taxonomy shows biological relationships among species. Evolution is the
explanation that threads it all together. Creationism is the practice of
squeeezing one's eyes shut and wailing, "Does not!"
Get forgiveness now  tomorrow you may no longer feel guilty.
Give a small boy a hammer and he will find that everything he encounters needs
pounding.
Give me a plumber's friend the size of the Pittsburgh Dome, and a place
to stand, and I will drain the world.
Glib's Fourth Law of Unreliability: Investment in reliability will increase
until it exceeds the probable cost of errors, or until someone insists on
getting some useful work done.
Go placidly amid the noise and waste, and remember what value there may
be in owning a piece thereof.
God did not create the world in 7 days; he screwed around for 6 days
and then pulled an all-nighter.
God has intended the great to be great and the little to be little ... The
trade unions, under the European system, destroy liberty ... I do not mean
to say that a dollar a day is enough to support a workingman ... not enough
to support a man and five children if he insists on smoking and drinking
beer. But the man who cannot live on bread and water is not fit to live!
A family may live on good bread and water in the morning, water and bread
at midday, and good bread and water at night!
God is really only another artist. He invented the giraffe, the elephant
and the cat. He has no real style, He just goes on trying other things.
God runs electromagnetics by wave theory on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday,
and the Devil runs them by quantum theory on Tuesday, Thursday, and
Saturday.
Godwin's Law: As an online discussion grows longer, the probability of a
comparison involving Nazis or Hitler approaches one.
Going to church does not make a person religious, nor does going to school
make a person educated, any more than going to a garage makes a person a car.
Good advice is something a man gives when he is too old to set a bad
example.
Goto, n.: A programming tool that exists to allow structured programmers
to complain about unstructured programmers.
Graduate life  it's not just a job, it's an indenture.
Granholm's Definition of the Kludge: An ill-assorted collection of poorly
matching parts forming a distressing whole.
Great people talk about ideas, average people talk about things, and small
people talk about wine.
Greener's Law: Never argue with a man who buys ink by the barrel.
Grelb's Reminder: Eighty percent of all people consider themselves to be above
average drivers.
Hacker's Law: The belief that enhanced understanding will necessarily stir
a nation to action is one of mankind's oldest illusions.
Haggis is a kind of stuffed black pudding eaten by the Scots and considered
by them to be not only a delicacy but fit for human consumption. The minced
heart, liver and lungs of a sheep, calf or other animal's inner organs are
mixed with oatmeal, sealed and boiled in maw in the sheep's intestinal
stomach-bag and ... Excuse me a minute ...
Half the things that people do not succeed in are through fear of making
the attempt.
Hand, n.: A singular instrument worn at the end of a human arm and
commonly thrust into somebody's pocket.
Hanlon's Razor: Never attribute to malice that which is adequately
explained by stupidity.
Happiness, n.: An agreeable sensation arising from contemplating the misery of
another.
Happiness: An agreeable sensation arising from contemplating the misery
of another.
Hardware, n.: The parts of a computer system that can be kicked.
Harrisberger's Second Law of the Lab: No matter what result it anticipated,
there is always someone willing to fake it.
Harrisberger's Third Law of the Lab: Experiments should be reproducive.
They should all fail in the same way.
Harrisberger's Fourth Law of the Lab: Experience is directly proportional
to the amount of equipment ruined.
Hartley's Second Law: Never sleep with anyone crazier than yourself.
Harvard Law: Under the most rigorously controlled conditions of pressure,
temperature, volume, humidity, and other variables, the organism will do as
it damn well pleases.
Has everyone noticed that all the letters of the word "database" are
typed with the left hand? Now the layout of the QWERTYUIOP typewriter
keyboard was designed, among other things, to facilitate the even use
of both hands. It follows, therefore, that writing about databases is
not only unnatural, but a lot harder than it appears.
Hatred, n.: A sentiment appropriate to the occasion of another's superiority.
Have you ever noticed that the people who are always trying to tell you,
"There's a time for work and a time for play," never find the time for play?
Have you noticed that all you need to grow healthy, vigorous grass is a
crack in your sidewalk?
He had that rare weird electricity about him  that extremely wild and
heavy presence that you only see in a person who has abandoned all hope
of ever behaving "normally."
He hated to mend, so young Ned
Called in a cute neighbor instead.
Did you have to bite off the thread?"
He launched a massive attack on everything this country held inviolate, on
most of what it held self-evident. He showed how our politics was dominated
by time-servers and demagogues, our religion by bigots, our culture by
puritans. He showed how the average citizen, both in himself and in the
way he let himself be pulled around by the nose, was a boob.
He wasn't much of an actor, he wasn't much of a Governor  Hell, they
HAD to make him President of the United States. It's the only job he's
qualified for!
He who attacks the fundamentals of the American broadcasting industry
attacks democracy itself.
He who invents adages for others to peruse takes along rowboat when going on
cruise.
He who laughs, lasts.
He's the kind of guy, that, well, if you were ever in a jam he'd be
there ... with two slices of bread and some chunky peanut butter.
Heaven, n.: A place where the wicked cease from troubling you with talk of
their personal affairs, and the good listen with attention while you
expound your own.
Heavy, adj.: Seduced by the chocolate side of the force.
Heller's Law: The first myth of management is that it exists.
Johnson's Corollary: Nobody really knows what is going on anywhere within the
organization.
Herblock's Law: if it is good, they will stop making it.
Here I am, fifty-eight, and I still don't know what I want to be when I grow
up.
Heuristics are bug ridden by definition. If they didn't have bugs,
then they'd be algorithms.
Hi there! This is just a note from me, to you, to tell you, the person
reading this note, that I can't think up any more famous quotes, jokes,
nor bizarre stories, so you may as well go home.
The griffin was itself a compound creature, half lion and half eagle.
The hippogriff was actually, therefore, only one quarter eagle, which
is two dollars and fifty cents in gold. The study of zoology is full
of surprises.
History has the relation to truth that theology has to religion 
i.e., none to speak of.
History, I believe, furnishes no example of a priest-ridden people
maintaining a free civil government. This marks the lowest grade of
ignorance, of which their political as well as religious leaders will
always avail themselves for their own purpose.
History shows that the human mind, fed by constant accessions of knowledge,
periodically grows too large for its theoretical coverings, and bursts them
asunder to appear in new habiliments, as the feeding and growing grub, at
intervals, casts its too narrow skin and assumes another... Truly the
imago state of Man seems to be terribly distant, but every moult is a step
gained.
Hlade's Law: If you have a difficult task, give it to a lazy person  they
will find an easier way to do it.
Hoare's Law of Large Problems: Inside every large problem is a
small problem struggling to get out.
Hofstadter's Law: It always takes longer than you expect, even when you take
Hofstadter's Law into account.
Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no substitute for a good blaster at
your side.
Honorable, adj.: Afflicted with an impediment in one's reach. In legislative
bodies, it is customary to mention all members as honorable; as, "the honorable
gentleman is a scurvy cur."
Horngren's Observation: Among economists, the real world is often a special
case.
Q. How long does it take a DEC field service engineer to change a lightbulb?
A. It depends on how many bad ones he brought with him.
A. "That's a known problem... don't worry about it."
A. Three: one to screw it in and two to say "I told you so" when it doesn't
A. "Well the diagnostics say it's fine buddy, so it's a software problem."
Howe's Law: Everyone has a scheme that will not work.
However, never daunted, I will cope with adversity in my traditional
manner ... sulking and nausea.
Human cardiac catheterization was introduced by Werner Forssman in 1929.
Ignoring his department chief, and tying his assistant to an operating
table to prevent his interference, he placed a uretheral catheter into a
vein in his arm, advanced it to the right atrium [of his heart], and walked
upstairs to the x-ray department where he took the confirmatory x-ray film.
In 1956, Dr. Forssman was awarded the Nobel Prize.
Humanity has the stars in its future, and that future is too important to be
lost under the burden of juvenile folly and ignorant superstition.
Hurewitz's Memory Principle: The chance of forgetting something is directly
proportional to ..... to ........ uh ..............
I always distrust people who know so much about what God wants them to do to
their fellows.
I have found Christian dogma unintelligible. Early in life, I absented myself
from Christian assemblies.
I have had interactions with developers who are convinced that everything in
.Net was created solely by MS for open source usage. But that could be another
result of vaccination preservatives.
I think all right-thinking people in this country are sick and tired of being
told that ordinary, decent people are fed up in this country with being sick
and tired. I'm certainly not! And I'm sick and tired of being told that I am.
I would defend the liberty of concenting adult creationists to practice
whatever intellectual perversions they like in the privacy of their own
homes; but it is also necessary to protect the young and innocent.
I would not dare to so dishonor my Creator God by attaching His name to
that book [the Bible].
I'm also not very analytical. You know, I don't spend a lot of time thinking
about myself, about why I do things.
I'm an evolutionist because I judge the evidence for the unity of life by
common descent over billions of years to be overwhelming, not so that I can
cheat on my wife or kick the cat with impunity. I live in no hope of heaven
or fear of hell, but like most of my fellow Americans of all religious
persuasions, I try to live a decent life. Folks like Tom DeLay just can't
get it through their heads that a person can choose to live ethically
because civilized life requires doing unto others as you would have them do
unto you.
I am a member of a party of one, and I live in an age of fear. Nothing
lately has unsettled my party and raised my fears so much as your
editorial, on Thanksgiving Day, suggesting that employees should be
required to state their beliefs in order to hold their jobs. The idea is
inconsistent with our constitutional theory and has been stubbornly opposed
by watchful men since the early days of the Republic.
I am astounded ... at the wonderful power you have developed  and terrified
at the thought that so much hideous and bad music may be put on record
forever.
I am ready to meet my Maker. Whether my Maker is prepared for the
great ordeal of meeting me is another matter.
I am, in point of fact, a particularly haughty and exclusive person, of
pre-Adamite ancestral descent. You will understand this when I tell you
that I can trace my ancestry back to a protoplasmal primordial atomic
globule. Consequently, my family pride is something inconceivable. I can't
help it. I was born sneering.
Without a belief in human unity I am hungry and incomplete. Human unity
is the fulfillment of diversity. It is the harmony of opposites. It is
a many-stranded texture, with color and depth.
I contend that we are both atheists. I just believe in one fewer god than
you do. When you understand why you dismiss all the other possible gods,
you will understand why I dismiss yours.
I do not believe in the creed professed by the Jewish Church, by the Roman
Church, by the Greek Church, by the Turkish Church, by the Protestant Church,
nor by any Church that I know of. My own mind is my own church.
I do not believe that this generation of Americans is willing to resign itself
to going to bed each night by the light of a Communist moon...
I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us
with sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forgo their use.
I do not mind what language an opera is sung in so long as it is a language
I don't understand.
I don't believe in astrology. But then I'm an Aquarius, and Aquarians
don't believe in astrology.
I dread success. To have succeeded is to have finished one's business
on earth, like the male spider, who is killed by the female the moment
he has succeeded in his courtship. I like a state of continual
becoming, with a goal in front and not behind.
I dream of a better tomorrow, where chickens can cross the road and not be
questioned about their motives.
I get the feeling that as soon as something appears in the paper, it ceases to
be true.
I glance at the headlines just to kind of get a flavor for what's moving.
I rarely read the stories, and get briefed by people who are probably read
the news themselves.
I haven't lost my mind  it's backed up on tape somewhere.
I judge a religion as being good or bad based on whether its adherents
become better people as a result of practicing it.
I maintain there is much more wonder in science than in pseudoscience. And
in addition, to whatever measure this term has any meaning, science has the
additional virtue, and it is not an inconsiderable one, of being true.
I never fail to convince an audience that the best thing they could do
was to go away.
I put the shotgun in an Adidas bag and padded it out with four pairs of tennis
socks, not my style at all, but that was what I was aiming for: If they think
you're crude, go technical; if they think you're technical, go crude. I'm a
very technical boy. So I decided to get as crude as possible. These days,
though, you have to be pretty technical before you can even aspire to
crudeness.
I regret to say that we of the F.B.I. are powerless to act in cases of
oral-genital intimacy, unless it has in some way obstructed interstate
commerce.
I regret to say that we of the FBI are powerless to act in cases of
I simply try to aid in letting the light of historical truth into that decaying
mass of outworn thought which attaches the modern world to medieval conceptions
of Christianity, and which still lingers among usa most serious barrier to
religion and morals, and a menace to the whole normal evolution of society.
I think people are reacting to what they perceive to be your simplistic and
fetishistic understanding of the economy, which is becoming more and more
pronouncedly so in its outward manifestations as you react to your
misunderstanding of people's reactions to your reaction to what you perceived
as Sam's simplistic and fetishistic understanding of the economy.
I think time is crucial to anything. For example, if you lock an infinite
number of monkeys in a room with those typewriters, but you limit the
amount of time they have to write, the best you'll get out of them is the
pilot to The Dukes of Hazzard.
I think trash is the most important manifestation of culture we have in my
lifetime.
I was brought up in the other service; but I knew from the first that the
Devil was my natural master and captain and friend. I saw that he was in
the right, and that the world cringed to his conqueror only from fear.
I was in this prematurely air conditioned supermarket and there were all
these aisles and there were these bathing caps you could buy that had these
kind of Fourth of July plumes on them that were red and yellow and blue and
I wasn't tempted to buy one but I was reminded of the fact that I had been
avoiding the beach.
I went on to test the program in every way I could devise. I strained
it to expose its weaknesses. I ran it for high-mass stars and low-mass
stars, for stars born exceedingly hot and those born relatively cold.
I ran it assuming the superfluid currents beneath the crust to be
absent  not because I wanted to know the answer, but because I had
developed an intuitive feel for the answer in this particular case.
Finally I got a run in which the computer showed the pulsar's
temperature to be less than absolute zero. I had found an error. I
chased down the error and fixed it. Now I had improved the program to
the point where it would not run at all.
Few companies really work like the Borg.  Most work a lot more like the Holy
Roman Empire. News often takes weeks to travel from castle to castle by
minstrel.
[The Ramones'] "I Wanna Be Sedated" should be played loud, poorly, and in
some dingy club where you'd get grounded if your folks found out you were
there, not quietly while strolling down the freezer aisle.
I will contend that conceptual integrity is *the* most important consideration
in system design.
I wish there was a knob on the TV to turn up the intelligence. There's
a knob called "brightness", but it doesn't work.
I would defend the liberty of consenting adult creationists to practice
I would have promised those terrorists a trip to Disneyland if it would have
gotten the hostages released. I thank God they were satisfied with the
missiles and we didn't have to go to that extreme.
I wouldn't mind dying  it's that business of having to stay dead that
scares the shit out of me.
I'll tell you what kind of guy I was. If you ordered a boxcar full of
sons-of-bitches and opened the door and only found me inside, you could
consider the order filled.
I've seen many politicians paralyzed in the legs as myself, but I've seen more
of them who were paralyzed in the head.
Idiot Box, n.: The part of the envelope that tells a person where to place the
stamp when they can't quite figure it out for themselves.
Idiot, n.: A member of a large and powerful tribe whose influence in human
affairs has always been dominant and controlling.
If Java had true garbage collection, most programs would delete themselves
upon execution.
If Jesus Christ were to come today, people would not even crucify him. They
would ask him to dinner, and hear what he had to say, and make fun of it.
If Murphy's Law were true, every time you tried to take a breath, all the
air would be on the other side of the room.
If a group of N persons implements a COBOL compiler, there will be N-1
passes. Someone in the group has to be the manager.
If a listener nods his head when you're explaining your program, wake
him up.
If a person (a) is poorly, (b) receives treatment intended to make him better,
and (c) gets better, then no power of reasoning known to medical science can
convince him that it may not have been the treatment that restored his health.
If all else fails, immortality can always be assured by spectacular
error.
If all the philosophers in the world were laid end to end, they wouldn't
reach a conclusion.
If all the salmon caught in Canada in one year were laid end to end
across the Sahara Desert, the smell would be absolutely awful.
If all the world's economists were laid end to end, we wouldn't reach a
conclusion.
If an idea can survive a bureaucratic review and be implemented
it isn't worth the effort.
If atheism is to be used to express the state of mind in which God is
identified with the unknowable, and theology is pronounced to be a
collection of meaningless words about unintelligible chimeras, then
I have no doubt, and I think few people doubt, that atheists are as
plentiful as blackberries...
If bankers can count, how come they have eight windows and only four
tellers?
If I was a religious person, I would consider creationism nothing less than
blasphemy. Do its adherents imagine that God is a cosmic hoaxer who has
created that whole vast fossil record for the sole purpose of misleading
mankind?
If imprinted foil seal under cap is broken or missing when purchased, do not
use.
If mathematically you end up with the wrong answer, try multiplying by
the page number.
If only God would give me some clear sign! Like making a large deposit
in my name at a Swiss Bank.
in my name at a Swiss bank.
If only one could get that wonderful feeling of accomplishment without
having to accomplish anything.
If people were required to know the law rather than obey it, the government
would be overthrown the very next day.
If scientific reasoning were limited to the logical processes of
arithmetic, we should not get very far in our understanding of the
physical world. One might as well attempt to grasp the game of poker
entirely by the use of the mathematics of probability.
If someone were to ask me for a short cut to sensuality, I would
suggest he go shopping for a used 427 Shelby-Cobra. But it is only
fair to warn you that of the 300 guys who switched to them in 1966,
only two went back to women.
If the aborigine drafted an IQ test, all of Western civilization would
presumably flunk it.
If the bulk of American SF can be said to be written by robots, about
robots, for robots, then the bulk of English fantasy seems to be written
by rabbits, about rabbits and for rabbits.
If the odds are a million to one against something occurring, chances are
50-50 it will.
If the presence of electricity can be made visible in any part of a
circuit, I see no reason why intelligence may not be transmitted
instantaneously by electricity.
If the weather is extremely bad, church attendance will be down. If
the weather is extremely good, church attendance will be down. If the
bulletin covers are in short supply, however, church attendance will
exceed all expectations.
If there is a possibility of several things going wrong, the one that
will cause the most damage will be the one to go wrong.
If two men agree on everything, you may be sure that one of them is
doing the thinking.
If we do not change our direction we are likely to end up where we are
headed.
If we make peaceful revolution impossible, we make violent revolution
inevitiable.
If you always postpone pleasure you will never have it. Quit work and play
for awhile.
If you give Congress a chance to vote on both sides of an issue, it
will always do it.
If you have to push so hard that you break your penis, you are doing
something wrong.
If you make people think they're thinking, they'll love you; but if you
really make them think they'll hate you.
If you meet somebody who tells you that he loves you more than anybody
in the whole wide world, don't trust him. It means he experiments.
If you perceive that there are four possible ways in which a procedure
can go wrong, and circumvent these, then a fifth way will promptly
develop.
If you push the "extra ice" button on the soft drink vending machine,
you won't get any ice. If you push the "no ice" button, you'll get
ice, but no cup.
If you put garbage in a computer nothing comes out but garbage. But
this garbage, having passed through a very expensive machine, is
somehow ennobled and none dare criticize it.
If you substitute other kinds of intellectual property into the GNU
manifesto, it quickly becomes absurd.
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car
payments.
If you think the United States has stood still, who built the largest
shopping center in the world?
If you work hard and do your homework, you can grow up and get a job doing
homework.
If you're going to do something tonight that you'll be sorry for
tomorrow morning, sleep late.
If you've done six impossible things before breakfast, why not round it
off with dinner at Milliway's, the restaurant at the end of the
universe?
Illinois isn't exactly the land that God forgot  it's more like the
land He's trying to ignore.
Immortality  a fate worse than death.
Impartial, adj.: Unable to perceive any promise of personal advantage from
espousing either side of a controversy or adopting either of two conflicting
opinions.
Important letters which contain no errors will develop errors in the
mail. Corresponding errors will show up in the duplicate while the
Boss is reading it.
In America, any boy may become president and I suppose that's just one
of the risks he takes.
In English, every word can be verbed. Would that it were so in our
programming languages.
In a five year period we can get one superb programming language. Only,
we can't control when the five year period will begin.
In any formula, constants (especially those obtained from handbooks)
are to be treated as variables.
In arguing that current theories of brain function cast suspicion on ESP,
psychokinesis, reincarnation, and so on, I am frequently challenged with
the most popular of all neuro-mythologies  the notion that we ordinarily
use only 10 percent of our brains...
This "cerebral spare tire" concept continues to nourish the clientele of
"pop psychologists" and their many recycling self-improvement schemes. As
a metaphor for the fact that few of us fully exploit our talents, who could
deny it? As a refuge for occultists seeking a neural basis of the miraculous,
it leaves much to be desired.
In every country and every age, the priest has been hostile to Liberty. He
is always in alliance with the despot.
In general, it is best to assume that the network is filled with malevolent
entities that will send in packets designed to have the worst possible effect.
In order to succeed in any enterprise, one must be persistent and patient.
Even if one has to run some risks, one must be brave and strong enough to
meet and overcome vexing challenges to maintain a successful business in
the long run. I cannot help saying that Americans lack this necessary
challenging spirit today.
In our civilization, and under our republican form of government,
intelligence is so highly honored that it is rewarded by exemption from the
cares of office.
In software, we rarely have meaningful requirements. Even if we do, the
only measure of success that matters is whether our solution solves the
customer's shifting idea of what their problem is.
In the Top 40, half the songs are secret messages to the teen world to
drop out, turn on, and groove with the chemicals and light shows at
discotheques.
In the beginning I was made. I didn't ask to me made. No one consulted me
or considered my feelings in this matter. But if it brought some passing
fancy to some lowly humans as they haphazardly pranced their way through
life's mournful jungle then so be it.
In the face of entropy and nothingness, you kind of have to pretend it's not
there if you want to keep writing good code.
In the force if Yoda's so strong, construct a sentence with words in
the proper order then why can't he?
In the future, you're going to get computers as prizes in breakfast cereals.
You'll throw them out because your house will be littered with them.
In the pitiful, multipage, connection-boxed form to which the flowchart has
today been elaborated, it has proved to be useless as a design tool 
programmers draw flowcharts after, not before, writing the programs they
describe.
In the province of the mind, what one believes to be true either is true
or becomes true.
In the realm of scientific observation, luck is granted only to those who are
prepared.
Incest, n.: Sibling revelry.
Information Center, n.: A room staffed by professional computer people whose
job it is to tell you why you cannot have the information you require.
Ingrate, n.: A man who bites the hand that feeds him, and then complains of
indigestion.
Insanity is the final defense ... It's hard to get a refund when the
salesman is sniffing your crotch and baying at the moon.
Interpreter, n.: One who enables two persons of different languages to
understand each other by repeating to each what it would have been to
the interpreter's advantage for the other to have said.
Iron Law of Distribution: Them that has, gets.
Is it not strange that the descendants of those Pilgrim Fathers who crossed
the Atlantic to preserve their own freedom have always proved the most
intolerant of the spiritual liberty of others?
Is it possible that software is not like anything else, that it is meant to
be discarded: that the whole point is to always see it as a soap bubble?
Is not marriage an open question, when it is alleged, from the beginning of
the world, that such as are in the institution wish to get out, and such as
are out wish to get in?
Isn't it strange that the same people that laugh at gypsy fortune
tellers take economists seriously?
1. The Course of Progress: Most things get steadily worse.
2. The Path of Progress: A shortcut is the longest distance between two points.
It does me no injury for my neighbor to say there are twenty gods or no God.
It neither picks my pocket nor breaks my leg.
It has been observed that one's nose is never so happy as when it is
thrust into the affairs of another, from which some physiologists have
drawn the inference that the nose is devoid of the sense of smell.
It has been said that the great scientific disciplines are examples of
giants standing on the shoulders of other giants. It has also been said
that the software industry is an example of midgets standing on the toes of
other midgets.
It is against the grain of modern education to teach children to program.
What fun is there in making plans, acquiring discipline in organizing
thoughts, devoting attention to detail, and learning to be self-critical?
It is amusing that a virtue is made of the vice of chastity; and it's a
pretty odd sort of chastity at that, which leads men straight into the
sin of Onan, and girls to the waning of their color.
It is clear that the individual who persecutes a man, his brother, because
he is not of the same opinion, is a monster.
It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly
and try another. But above all, try something.
It is difficult to produce a television documentary that is both
incisive and probing when every twelve minutes one is interrupted by
twelve dancing rabbits singing about toilet paper.
It is easier to change the specification to fit the program than vice
versa.
It is easier to write an incorrect program than understand a correct
one.
It is generally agreed that "Hello" is an appropriate greeting because
if you entered a room and said "Goodbye," it could confuse a lot of people.
It is important to note that probably no large operating system using current
design technology can withstand a determined and well-coordinated attack,
and that most such documented penetrations have been remarkably easy.
It is impossible to travel faster than light, and certainly not
desirable, as one's hat keeps blowing off.
It is inconceivable that a judicious observer from another solar system
would see in our species  which has tended to be cruel, destructive,
wasteful, and irrational  the crown and apex of cosmic evolution.
Viewing us as the culmination of *anything* is grotesque; viewing us as a
transitional species makes more sense  and gives us more hope.
It is much easier to suggest solutions when you know nothing about the
problem.
It is necessary for me to establish a winner image. Therefore, I have to beat
somebody.
It is not true that life is one damn thing after another  it's one
damn thing over and over.
It is not well to be thought of as one who meekly submits to insolence and
intimidation.
It is now pitch dark. If you proceed, you will likely fall into a
pit.
It is one of the superstitions of the human mind to have imagined that
virginity could be a virtue.
It is said that the lonely eagle flies to the mountain peaks while the
lowly ant crawls the ground, but cannot the soul of the ant soar as
high as the eagle?
It is something to be able to paint a particular picture, or to carve a
statue, and so to make a few objects beautiful; but it is far more
glorious to carve and paint the very atmosphere and medium through
which we look, which morally we can do. To affect the quality of the
day, that is the highest of arts.
It is the common fate of the indolent to see their rights become a prey to
the active. The condition upon which God hath given liberty to man is
eternal vigilance; which condition if he break, servitude is at once the
consequence of his crime and the punishment of his guilt.
It is wrong always, everywhere and for everyone to believe anything upon
insufficient evidence.
It may be that your whole purpose in life is simply to serve as a
warning to others.
It turned out that the worm exploited three or four different holes in the
system. From this, and the fact that we were able to capture and examine some
of the source code, we realized that we were dealing with someone very sharp,
probably not someone here on campus.
It was always thus; and even if 'twere not, 'twould inevitably have been
always thus.
It was the Law of the Sea, they said.  Civilization ends at the waterline.
Beyond that, we all enter the food chain, and not always right at the top.
It will be advantageous to cross the great stream ... the Dragon is on
the wing in the Sky ... the Great Man rouses himself to his Work.
It's easier to get forgiveness for being wrong than forgiveness for
being right.
It's is not, it isn't ain't, and it's it's, not its, if you mean it
is. If you don't, it's its. Then too, it's hers. It isn't her's. It
isn't our's either. It's ours, and likewise yours and theirs.
It's lucky you're going so slowly, because you're going in the wrong
direction.
It's not often that you get so much class entertainment outside your bedroom
window or outside your bedroom, period.
It's not our job to toughen our children up to face a cruel and heartless
world. It's our job to raise children who will make the world a little less
cruel and heartless.
It's not that I'm afraid to die. I just don't want to be there when it
happens.
It's not what we don't know that gets us into trouble, it's what we know that
ain't so.
It's smart to pick your friends - but not to pieces.
Jacquin's Postulate on Democratic Government: No man's life, liberty, or
property are safe while the legislature is in session.
Jay's First Law: The classic hierarchy consists of one man at the top with
three below him, each of who has three below him, and so on with fearful
symmetry unto the seventh generation, by which stage there is a row of 729
managers.
Jenkinson's Law: It won't work.
John Birch Society  that pathetic manifestation of organized apoplexy.
Johnson's First Law: When any mechanical contrivance fails, it will do so
at the most inconvenient possible time.
Jones' Law: The man who smiles when things go wrong has thought of someone
to blame it on.
Jones' Law of Hierarchical Limits: As an administrator, you need to give
ten pats on the head for each kick in the butt. This is the reason for
keeping the number of people reporting to you a fairly small number.
Otherwise, you will run out of hands, but still have an overcapacity in feet.
Jury  Twelve people who determine which client has the better lawyer.
Just because your doctor has a name for your condition doesn't mean he knows
what it is.
Just because your doctor has a name for your condition doesn't mean he
knows what it is.
Just remember: when you go to court, you are trusting your fate to
twelve people that weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty!
Just remember: you're not a "dummy," no matter what those computer books
claim. The real dummies are the people whothough technically
expertcouldn't design hardware and software that's usable by normal
consumers if their lives depended upon it.
Justice, like lightning, should ever appear
To some men hope, to other men fear.
Karl's version of Parkinson's Law: Work expands to exceed the time allotted it.
Katz' Law: Man and nations will act rationally when all other possibilities
have been exhausted.
1. The most powerful force in the world is that of a disc straining to land
2. Never precede any maneuver by a comment more predictive than "Watch this!"
Ken Thompson has an automobile which he helped design. Unlike most
automobiles, it has neither speedometer, nor gas gage, nor any of the
numerous idiot lights which plague the modern driver. Rather, if the driver
makes any mistake, a giant "?" lights up in the center of the dashboard.
Ketterling's Law: Logic is an organized way of going wrong with confidence.
Kinkler's First Law: Responsibility always exceeds authority.
Kinkler's Second Law: All the easy problems have been solved.
L'extension des privileges des femmes est le principe general de tous progres
sociaux.
Labor, n.: One of the processes by which A acquires property for B.
Lactomangulation, n.: Manhandling the "open here" spout on a milk carton so
badly that one has to resort to using the "illegal" side.
Laissez Faire Economics is the theory that if each acts like a vulture,
all will end as doves.
Largely because it is so tangible and exciting a program and as such will
serve to keep alive the interest and enthusiasm of the whole spectrum of
society...It is justified because...the program can give a sense of shared
adventure and achievement to the society at large.
Larkinson's Law: All laws are basically false.
Law of Communications: The inevitable result of improved and enlarged
communications between different levels in a hierarchy is a vastly
increased area of misunderstanding.
Law of Probable Dispersal: Whatever it is that hits the fan will not be
evenly distributed.
Law of Selective Gravity: An object will fall so as to do the most damage.
Lawrence's Axiom: Anger is one letter short of danger.
Laws of Computer Programming
(7) Program complexity grows until it exceeds the capability of the
(8) Make it possible for programmers to write programs in English, and you
Lazlo's Chinese Relativity Axiom: No matter how great your triumphs or how
tragic your defeats  approximately one billion Chinese couldn't care less.
Let me tell you the truth: The truth is what is. And what should be is a
fantasy, a terrible, terrible lie somebody gave the people long ago.
Let us, then, fellow citizens, unite with one heart and one mind. Let us
restore to social intercourse that harmony and affection without which
liberty and even life itself are but dreary things. And let us reflect
that having banished from our land that religious intolerance under which
mankind so long bled, we have yet gained little if we countenance a
political intolerance as despotic, as wicked, and capable of a bitter and
bloody persecutions.
Liar, n.: A lawyer with a roving commission.
Lieberman's Law: Everybody lies, but it doesn't matter since nobody listens.
Lies written in ink can never disguise facts written in blood. Blood debts
must be repaid in kind. The longer the delay, the greater the interest.
Life in a free society is friendly, prosperous, pleasant, cultured, and
ever-longer.
Life is full of surprises when you're up th' stream of consciousness
without a paddle...
Life is like an onion: you peel off layer after layer, then you find
there is nothing in it.
Like so many Americans, she was trying to construct a life that made
sense from things she found in gift shops.
Like the ski resort of girls looking for husbands and husbands looking
for girls, the situation is not as symmetrical as it might seem.
Living on Earth may be expensive, but it includes an annual free trip
around the Sun.
Look, let me explain something to you. I'm not Mr. Lebowski. You're
Mr. Lebowski. I'm the Dude. So that's what you call me. That, or His
Dudeness  Duder  or El Duderino, if, you know, you're not into the
whole brevity thing.
Los Angeles is a geometropolitan predicament rather than a city. You can no
more administer it than you could administer the solar system.
Lowery's Law: If it jams  force it. If it breaks, it needed replacing
anyway.
Lubarsky's Law of Cybernetic Entomology: There's always one more bug.
Lynch's Law: When the going gets tough, everyone leaves.
Mad, adj.: Affected with a high degree of intellectual independence ...
Main's Law: For every action there is an equal and opposite government program.
Make it possible for programmers to write in English and you will find the
programmers cannot write in English.
Making files is easy under the UNIX operating system. Therefore, users
tend to create numerous files using large amounts of file space. It
has been said that the only standard thing about all UNIX systems is
the message-of-the-day telling users to clean up their files.
Malek's Law: Any simple idea will be worded in the most complicated way.
Man is a rational animal who always loses his temper when he is called
upon to act in accordance with the dictates of reason.
Man is the best computer we can put aboard a spacecraft ... and the
only one that can be mass produced with unskilled labor.
Man will occasionally stumble over the truth, but most times he will pick
himself up and carry on...
Manual, n.: A unit of documentation. There are always three or more on a
given item. One is on the shelf; someone has the others. The information
you need is in the others.
Many years ago in a period commonly know as Next Friday Afternoon,
there lived a King who was very Gloomy on Tuesday mornings because he
was so Sad thinking about how Unhappy he had been on Monday and how
completely Mournful he would be on Wednesday ...
Martin's Law of Communication: The inevitable result of improved and
enlarged communication between different levels in a hierarchy is a vastly
Matter cannot be created or destroyed, nor can it be returned without a
receipt.
McGowan's Madison Avenue Axiom: If an item is advertised as "under $50",
you can bet it's not $19.95.
Meader's Law: Whatever happens to you, it will previously have happened to
everyone you know, only more so.
Meeting, n.: An assembly of people coming together to decide what person or
department not represented in the room must solve a problem.
Men ought to know that from the brain and from the brain only arise our
pleasures, joys, laughter, and jests as well as our sorrows, pains, griefs
and tears. ... It is the same thing which makes us mad or delirious, inspires
us with dread and fear, whether by night or by day, brings us sleeplessness,
inopportune mistakes, aimless anxieties, absent-mindedness and acts that are
contrary to habit...
Meskimen's Law: There's never time to do it right, but there's always time to
do it over.
Might as well be frank, monsieur. It would take a miracle to get you out of
Casablanca.
Miksch's Law: If a string has one end, then it has another end.
Mile's Law: where you stand depends on where you sit.
Millions long for immortality who do not know what to do with
themselves on a rainy Sunday afternoon.
Millions of sensible people are too high-minded to concede that politics is
almost always the choice of the lesser evil. "Tweedledum and Tweedledee,"
they say, "I will not vote." Having abstained, they are presented with a
President who appoints the people who are going to rummage around in their
lives for the next four years. Consider all the people who sat home in a
stew in 1968 rather than vote for Hubert Humphrey. They showed Humphrey.
Those people who taught Hubert Humphrey a lesson will still be enjoying the
Nixon Supreme Court when Tricia and Julie begin to find silver threads
among the gold and the black.
Miss Wormwood: I don't suppose I can argue with that... 
Mollison's Bureaucracy Hypothesis: If an idea can survive a bureaucratic
review and be implemented it wasn't worth doing.
More than any time in history, mankind now faces a crossroads. One path
leads to despair and utter hopelessness, the other to total extinction. Let
us pray that we have the wisdom to choose correctly.
Most legislators are so dumb that they couldn't pour piss out of a boot
if the instructions were printed on the heel.
Most of you are familiar with the virtues of a programmer. There are
three, of course: laziness, impatience, and hubris.
Mr. Cole's Axiom: The sum of the intelligence on the planet is a constant; the
population is growing.
Mrs Podgorny: Angus how are y'going to get 48,000,000 kilts into the van?
Angus: I'll have t'do it in two goes.
Murphy's Law of Research: Enough research will tend to support your theory.
My grandson has learned how to hold and carry the cat. He has also learned
how to flush the toilet. I can't help but believe that in the
not-too-distant future there will be another lesson in store for him.
My life is so fucking miserable that I don't know whether I was
born or if Morrissey just sang me into existence.
My own life has been spent chronicling the rise and fall of human systems,
and I am convinced that we are terribly vulnerable.... We should be
reluctant to turn back upon the frontier of this epoch. Space is
indifferent to what we do; it has no feeling, no design, no interest in
whether or not we grapple with it. But we cannot be indifferent to space,
because the grand, slow march of intelligence has brought us, in our
generation, to a point from which we can explore and understand and utilize
it. To turn back now would be to deny our history, our capabilities.
Naeser's Law: You can make it foolproof, but you can't make it damnfoolproof.
Natural gas is hemispheric. I like to call it hemispheric in nature,
because it is a product what we can find in our neighborhoods.
Natural selection won't matter soon, not anywhere as much as concious
selection. We will civilize and alter ourselves to suit our ideas of what
we can be. Within one more human lifespan, we will have changed ourselves
unrecognizably.
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's
character, give him power.
Neil Armstrong to Walter Cronkite: "Well, Walter, I believe that the Good
Lord gave us a finite number of heartbeats and I'm damned if I'm going to
use up mine running up and down a street."
Never drink Coke in a moving elevator. The elevator's motion coupled with
the chemicals in coke produce hallucinations. People tend to change into
lizards and attack without warning, and large bats usually fly in the
window. Additionally, you begin to believe that elevators have windows.
New Year's Eve is the time of year when a man most feels his age, and
his wife most often reminds him to act it.
Newton's Fourth Law: Every action has an equal and opposite satisfaction.
Next Friday will not be your lucky day. As a matter of fact, you don't
Next to being shot at and missed, nothing is really quite as satisfying
as an income tax refund.
Nihil tam munitum quod non expugnari pecunia possit. (No fort is so strong
that it cannot be taken with money.)
No man was ever taken to hell by a woman unless he already had a ticket in
his pocket, or at least had been fooling around with timetables.
No man's life, liberty, or property is safe while the Legislature is in
session.
No one is fit to be trusted with power. ... No one. ... Any man who has lived
at all knows the follies and wickedness he's capable of. ... And if he does
know it, he knows also that neither he nor any man ought to be allowed to
decide a single human fate.
No one who accepts the sovereignty of truth can be a foot soldier in a party
or movement. He will always find himself out of step.
No, 'tis not so deep as a well, nor so wide as a church-door; but 'tis enough,
'twill serve: ask for me to-morrow, and you shall find me a grave man.
Nobody wants constructive criticism. It's all we can do to put up with
constructive praise.
Nothing ever becomes real till it is experienced  even a proverb is no
proverb to you till your life has illustrated it.
Nothing in progression can rest on its original plan. We may as well think of
rocking a grown man in the cradle of an infant.
Nothing is as repulsive as phoniness; conversely, nothing is as magnetic
as reality.
Nothing is easier than to denounce the evildoer; nothing is more difficult
than to understand him.
O'Riordan's Theorem: Brains x Beauty = Constant.
Purmal's Corollary: As the limit of (Brains x Beauty) goes to infinity,
availability goes to zero.
O'Toole's Commentary on Murphy's Law: Murphy was an optimist.
Obviously, a man's judgement cannot be better than the information on which
he has based it. Give him the truth and he may still go wrong when he has
the chance to be right, but give him no news or present him only with
distorted and incomplete data, with ignorant, sloppy or biased reporting,
with propaganda and deliberate falsehoods, and you destroy his whole
reasoning processes, and make him something less than a man.
Ocean, n.: A body of water occupying about two-thirds of a world made for
man  who has no gills.
Of course, someone who knows more about this will correct me if I'm wrong,
and someone who knows less will correct me if I'm right.
Ogden's Law: The sooner you fall behind, the more time you have to catch up.
Oliver's First Law of Computing: Computers are much too complex; they'll
never work.
On our campus the UNIX system has proved to be not only an effective software
tool, but an agent of technical and social change within the University.
Once ... in the wilds of Afghanistan, I lost my corkscrew, and we were
forced to live on nothing but food and water for days.
One Page Principle: A specification that will not fit on one page of 8.5x11-
inch paper cannot be understood.
One becomes a critic when one cannot be an artist, just as a man becomes a
stool pigeon when he cannot be a soldier.
One difference between a man and a machine is that a machine is quiet
when well oiled.
One friend in a lifetime is much; two are many; three are hardly possible.
Friendship needs a certain parallelism of life, a community of thought,
a rivalry of aim.
One good reason why computers can do more work than people is that they
never have to stop and answer the phone.
One may be able to quibble about the quality of a single experiment, or
about the veracity of a given experimenter, but, taking all the supportive
experiments together, the weight of evidence is so strong as readily to
merit a wise man's reflection.
One of my less pleasant chores when I was young was to read the Bible
from one end to the other. Reading the Bible straight through is at
least 70 percent discipline, like learning Latin. But the good parts
are, of course, simply amazing. God is an extremely uneven writer, but
when He's good, nobody can touch Him.
One of the most misleading representational techniques in our language is
the use of the word "I".
One of the saddest lessons of history is this: If we've been bamboozled
long enough, we tend to reject any evidence of the bamboozle. We're no
longer interested in finding out the truth. The bamboozle has captured
us. it is simply too painful to acknowledge  even to ourselves  that
we've been so credulous. (So the old bamboozles tend to persist as the
new bamboozles rise.)
Opinions are like assholes: everyone's got one, but nobody wants to look at
the other guy's.
Optimists say the glass is half full, pessimists say the glass is half
empty, engineers say the glass is twice as big as it needs to be.
Optimization is not some mystical state of grace, it is an intricate act
of human labor which carries real costs and real risks.
night.
Osborn's Law: Variables won't; constants aren't.
Our journeys to the stars will be made on spaceships created by determined,
hardworking scientists and engineers applying the principles of science, not
aboard flying saucers piloted by little gray aliens from some other dimension.
Our liberty depends upon the freedom of the press, and that cannot be
limited without being lost.
Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog, it is too
dark to read.
Overload  core meltdown sequence initiated.
PHP is a minor evil perpetrated and created by incompetent amateurs,
whereas Perl is a great and insidious evil perpetrated by skilled but
perverted professionals.
Paranoids are people, too; they have their own problems. It's easy to
criticize, but if everybody hated you, you'd be paranoid too.
Parking fees that Universal Studios collected from picketers of _The Last
Temptation of Christ_: $4,500
Parkinson's Fifth Law: If there is a way to delay in important decision,
the good bureaucracy, public or private, will find it.
Parkinson's Fourth Law: The number of people in any working group tends to
increase regardless of the amount of work to be done.
Parkinson's Law: Work expands to fill the time alloted it.
Benford's Law of Controversy: Passion is inversely proportional to the
amount of real information available.
People are very flexible and learn to adjust to strange surroundings 
they can become accustomed to reading Lisp and Fortran programs, for example.
People often find it easier to be a result of the past than a cause of
the future.
People think it must be fun to be a super genius, but they don't realize how
hard it is to put up with all the idiots in the world.
People who claim they don't let little things bother them have never
slept in a room with a single mosquito.
People who have no faults are terrible; there is no way of taking advantage
of them.
People will accept your ideas much more readily if you tell them that
Benjamin Franklin said it first.
Perpetuo vincit qui utitur clementia. (He is forever victor who employs
clemency.)
Peter's Law of Substitution: Look after the molehills, and the mountains
will look after themselves.
pi seconds is a nanocentury.
Please don't lie to me, unless you're absolutely sure I'll never find out the
truth.
Please try to limit the amount of `this room doesn't have any bazingas'
until you are told that those rooms are `punched out.' Once punched
out, we have a right to complain about atrocities, missing bazingas,
and such.
Pohl's law: Nothing is so good that somebody, somewhere, will not hate it.
Political T.V. commercials prove one thing: some candidates can tell
all their good points and qualifications in just 30 seconds.
Politician, n.: From the Greek "poly" ("many") and the French "tete"
("head" or "face," as in "tete-a-tete": head to head or face to face).
Hence "polytetien", a person of two or more faces.
Positive, adj.: Mistaken at the top of one's voice.
Preudhomme's Law of Window Cleaning: It's on the other side.
Prevalent beliefs that knowledge can be tapped from previous incarnations or
from a "universal mind" (the repository of all past wisdom and creativity)
not only are implausible but also unfairly demean the stunning achievements
of individual human brains.
Probably the best operating system in the world is the [operating system]
made for the PDP-11 by Bell Laboratories.
work with the science.
Programming is like sex: one mistake and you're providing support for a
Promptness is its own reward
If one lives by the clock instead of the sword.
Proper attention to Earthly needs of the poor, the depressed and the
downtrodden, would naturally evolve from dynamic, articulate, spirited
awareness of the great goals for Man and the society he conspired to erect.
Putt's Law: Technology is dominated by two types of people:
Those who understand what they do not manage.
Those who manage what they do not understand.
Q.: "Why do trans-atlantic transfers take so long?"
A.: "Electrons don't swim very fast."
A: You stand around in a circle and blaspheme and see who gets struck
A: 100. Ten to do it, and 90 to write document number GC7500439-0001,
A: Three. One to screw in the lightbulb and two to fend off all those
A: Two. One to screw it in and one to observe how the lightbulb itself
A: Three. One to report it as an inspired government program to bring
A: Two. One to screw it in and one to say that light started when the
A: Two. One to hold the giraffe and the other to fill the bathtub with
A. Only one, but it takes a really long time and the light bulb has to want
Rational people don't go stomping around demanding that the world be
perfect for them.
Romeo:   Courage, man; the hurt cannot be much.
Re: graphics: A picture is worth 10K words  but only those to describe the
picture. Hardly any sets of 10K words can be adequately described with
pictures.
Real Programmers don't play tennis, or any other sport that requires
you to change clothes. Mountain climbing is OK, and real programmers
wear their climbing boots to work in case a mountain should suddenly
spring up in the middle of the machine room.
Real Programs don't use shared text. Otherwise, how can they use
functions for scratch space after they are finished calling them?
Real Time, adj.: Here and now, as opposed to fake time, which only occurs there
and then.
Receiving a million dollars tax free will make you feel better than
being flat broke and having a stomach ache.
Regardless of the legal speed limit, your Buick must be operated at
speeds faster than 85 MPH (140k/h).
Religious bondage shackles and debilitates the mind and unfits it for
every noble enterprise.
Remember that whatever misfortune may be your lot, it could only be worse
in Cleveland.
Removing the error messages "now that the program is working" is like
wearing a parachute on the ground, but taking it off once you're in the air.
Reporter, n.: A writer who guesses his way to the truth and dispels it with a
tempest of words.
Resisting temptation is easier when you think you'll probably get
another chance later on.
Rocky's Lemma of Innovation Prevention
Rudin's Law: In a crisis that forces a choice to be made between alternative
courses of action, most people will choose the worse one possible.
Sattinger's Law: It works better if you plug it in.
Saying that Java is nice because it works on all OSes is like saying that
anal sex is nice because it works on all genders.
Schapiro's Explanation: The grass is always greener on the other side 
but that's because they use more manure.
Science has proof without any certainty. Creationists have certainty
without any proof.
Scott's First Law: No matter what goes wrong, it will probably look right.
Scott's Second Law: When an error has been detected and corrected, it will
Corollary: After the correction has been found in error, it will be
See, in my line of work you got to keep repeating things over and over and
over again for the truth to sink in, to kind of catapult the propaganda.
Seminars, n.: From "semi" and "arse", hence, any half-assed discussion.
Sex without love is an empty experience, but, as empty experiences go,
it's one of the best.
She hates testicles, thus limiting the men she can admire to Democratic
candidates for president.
She missed an invaluable opportunity to give him a look that you could
have poured on a waffle ...
Show me a man who is a good loser and I'll show you a man who is
playing golf with his boss.
Silverman's Law: If Murphy's Law can go wrong, it will.
Simon's Law: Everything put together falls apart sooner or later.
Skinner's Constant (or Flannagan's Finagling Factor): That quantity which,
when multiplied by, divided by, added to, or subtracted from the answer you
get, gives you the answer you should have gotten.
So far as I can remember, there is not one word in the Gospels in
praise of intelligence.
So we follow our wandering paths, and the very darkness acts as our guide and
our doubts serve to reassure us.
So where the sheer incompetence of politicians and generals used to start
wars, the sheer incompetence of us computer people has now put an end to
it. No mean feat. For centuries humanity has been looking for the Weapon
That Would End War Forever. We have found it. War has ended, not with the
bang of a bomb, but with the gentle whisper of crashing software.
Sodd's Second Law: Sooner or later, the worst possible set of circumstances is
bound to occur.
Software entities are more complex for their size than perhaps any other human
construct because no two parts are alike. If they are, we make the two
similar parts into a subroutine  open or closed. In this respect, software
systems differ profoundly from computers, buildings, or automobiles, where
repeated elements abound.
Software suppliers are trying to make their software packages more
'user-friendly'.... Their best approach, so far, has been to take
all the old brochures, and stamp the words, 'user-friendly' on the cover.
Some people are born mediocre, some people achieve mediocrity, and some
people have mediocrity thrust upon them.
Some people hope to achieve immortality through their works or their children.
I would prefer to achieve it by not dying.
Some people in this department wouldn't recognize subtlety if it hit
them on the head.
Some people like my advice so much that they frame it upon the wall
instead of using it
Sometimes I wonder if men and women really suit each other. Perhaps they
should live next door and just visit now and then.
Spark's Sixth Rule for Managers: If a subordinate asks you a pertinent
question, look at him as if he had lost his senses. When he looks down,
paraphrase the question back at him.
Speaking as someone who has delved into the intricacies of PL/I, I am sure
that only Real Men could have written such a machine-hogging,
cycle-grabbing, all-encompassing monster. Allocate an array and free the
middle third? Sure! Why not? Multiply a character string times a bit
string and assign the result to a float decimal? Go ahead! Free a
controlled variable procedure parameter and reallocate it before passing it
back? Overlay three different types of variable on the same memory
location? Anything you say! Write a recursive macro? Well, no, but Real
Men use rescan. How could a language so obviously designed and written by
Real Men not be intended for Real Man use?
Spiritual leadership should remain spiritual leadership and the temporal
power should not become too important in any church.
Steinbach's Guideline for Systems Programming
Stult's Report: Our problems are mostly behind us. What we have to do now is
fight the solutions.
Sturgeon's Law: Ninety percent of everything is crap.
Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss
of enthusiasm.
Sure there are dishonest men in local government. But there are dishonest
men in national government too.
Swipple's Rule of Order: He who shouts the loudest has the floor.
Tact is the ability to tell a man he has an open mind when he has a
hole in his head.
Tact, n.: The unsaid part of what you're thinking.
Take heart amid the deepening gloom that your dog is finally getting
enough cheese.
Take my word for it, the silliest woman can manage a clever man, but it
needs a very clever woman to manage a fool.
Tax reform means "Don't tax you, don't tax me, tax that fellow behind
the tree."
Teach a child to be polite and courteous in the home, and, when he
grows up, he will never be able to edge his car onto a freeway.
Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means
for going backwards.
Tell a man that there are 300 billion stars in the universe, and he'll believe
you.... Tell him that a bench has wet paint upon it and he'll have to touch it
to be sure.
That is the key to history. Terrific energy is expended  civilizations
are built up  excellent institutions devised; but each time something
goes wrong. Some fatal flaw always brings the selfish and cruel people to
the top, and then it all slides back into misery and ruin. In fact, the
machine conks. It seems to start up all right and runs a few yards, and
then it breaks down.
That's the thing about people who think they hate computers. What they
really hate is lousy programmers.
The Abrams' Principle: The shortest distance between two points is off the
wall.
The Briggs/Chase Law of Program Development: To determine how long it will
take to write and debug a program, take your best estimate, multiply that
by two, add one, and convert to the next higher units.
The English have no respect for their language, and will not teach
their children to speak it.
The Fifth Rule: You have taken yourself too seriously.
The IQ of the group is the lowest IQ of a member of the group divided
by the number of people in the group.
The Idea is like grass. It craves light, likes crowds, thrives on
cross-breeding, grows better for being stepped on.
The Kennedy Constant: Don't get mad  get even.
The Law of Software Envelopment (at MIT): Every program at MIT attempts to
expand until it can read mail. Those programs which cannot expand are
replaced by ones which can.
The Law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich, as well as the poor,
to sleep under the bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread.
The Official MBA Handbook on business cards: Avoid overly pretentious job
titles such as "Lord of the Realm, Defender of the Faith, Emperor of India"
or "Director of Corporate Planning."
The real art of conversation is not only to say the right thing at the
right place but to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment.
The Roman Rule: The one who says it cannot be done should never interrupt the
one who is doing it.
The Third Law of Photography: If you did manage to get any good shots, they
will be ruined when someone inadvertently opens the darkroom door and all
of the dark leaks out.
The USA is so enormous, and so numerous are its schools, colleges and
religious seminaries, many devoted to special religious beliefs ranging
from the unorthodox to the dotty, that we can hardly wonder at its
yielding a more bounteous harvest of gobbledygook than the rest of the
world put together.
The United States has entered an anti-intellectual phase in its history,
perhaps most clearly seen in our virtually thought-free political life.
The [Ford Foundation] is a large body of money completely surrounded by
people who want some.
The ambassador and the general were briefing me on thethe vast majority
of Iraqis want to live in a peaceful, free world. And we will find these
people and we will bring them to justice.
The author should gaze at Noah, and ... learn, as they did in the Ark, to crowd
a great deal of matter into a very small compass.
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the
average man can see better than he can think.
The best that we can do is to be kindly and helpful toward our friends and
fellow passengers who are clinging to the same speck of dirt while we are
drifting side by side to our common doom.
The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off
by a bit.
The biggest difference between time and space is that you can't reuse
time.
The chicken that clucks the loudest is the one most likely to show up
at the steam fitters' picnic.
The complexity of software is an essential property, not an accidental one.
Hence, descriptions of a software entity that abstract away its complexity
often abstract away its essence.
The connection between the language in which we think/program and the problems
and solutions we can imagine is very close. For this reason restricting
language features with the intent of eliminating programmer errors is at best
dangerous.
The correct way to punctuate a sentence that starts: "Of course it is
none of my business, but " is to place a period after the word "but."
Don't use excessive force in supplying such a moron with a period.
Cutting his throat is only a momentary pleasure and is bound to get you
talked about.
The cost of living is going up, and the chance of living is going
down.
The country needs and, unless I mistake its temper, the country demands bold,
persistent experimentation.
The day will come when the mystical generation of Jesus, by the Supreme Being
as his Father, in the womb of a virgin will be classified with the fable of
the generation of Minerva in the brain of Jupiter. But we may hope that the
dawn of reason and freedom of thought in these United States will do away with
this artificial scaffolding and restore to us the primitive and genuine
doctrines of this most venerated Reformer of human errors.
The day-to-day travails of the IBM programmer are so amusing to most of
us who are fortunate enough never to have been one  like watching
Charlie Chaplin trying to cook a shoe.
The difference between science and the fuzzy subjects is that science
requires reasoning while those other subjects merely require scholarship.
The divinity of Jesus is made a convenient cover for absurdity. Nowhere
in the Gospels do we find a precept for Creeds, Confessions, Oaths,
Doctrines, and whole carloads of other foolish trumpery that we find in
Christianity.
The end of the world will occur at 3:00 p.m., this Friday, with
symposium to follow.
The evolution of the human race will not be accomplished in the ten thousand
years of tame animals, but in the million years of wild animals, because man
is and will always be a wild animal.
The fancy is indeed no other than a mode of memory emancipated from the order
of space and time.
The fountain code has been tightened slightly so you can no longer dip objects
into a fountain or drink from one while you are floating in mid-air due to
levitation.
Teleporting to hell via a teleportation trap will no longer occur if the
character does not have fire resistance.
The perversity of the universe tends towards a maximum.
The fundamentalists, by "knowing" the answers before they start [examining
evolution], and then forcing nature into the straitjacket of their
discredited preconceptions, lie outside the domain of science-or of any
honest intellectual inquiry.
The goal of Computer Science is to build something that will last at
least until we've finished building it.
The government of the United States is not in any sense founded
on the Christian Religion.
The herd instinct among economists makes sheep look like independent
thinkers.
The human animal differs from the lesser primates in his passion for
lists of "Ten Best".
 the rest is overhead for the operating system.
The human mind treats a new idea the way the body treats a strange
protein  it rejects it.
The hypothesis: Amid a wash of paper, a small number of documents become the
critical pivots around which every project's management revolves. These are the
manager's chief personal tools.
The idea that Bill Gates has appeared like a knight in shining armour to
lead all customers out of a mire of technological chaos neatly ignores the
fact that it was he who, by peddling second-rate technology, led them into
it in the first place.
The inability to benefit from feedback appears to be the primary cause of
pseudoscience. Pseudoscientists retain their beliefs and ignore or distort
contradictory evidence rather than modify or reject a flawed theory. Because
of their strong biases, they seem to lack the self-correcting mechanisms
scientists must employ in their work.
The individual choice of garnishment of a burger can be an important
point to the consumer in this day when individualism is an increasingly
important thing to people.
The Internet is the most powerful stupidity amplifier ever invented. Its
like television without the television part.
The life of money-making is one undertaken under compulsion, and wealth is
evidently not the good we are seeking, for it is merely useful for the sake
of something else.
The light at the end of the tunnel is the headlight of an approaching
train.
The lion and the calf shall lie down together but the calf won't get
much sleep.
The main thing is the play itself. I swear that greed for money has nothing
to do with it, although heaven knows I am sorely in need of money.
The natural disposition is always to believe. It is acquired wisdom and
experience only that teach incredulity, and they very seldom teach it
enough.
The man who follows the crowd will usually get no further than the
crowd. The man who walks alone is likely to find himself in places no
one has ever been.
The marvels of today's modern technology include the development of a soda
can, when discarded will last forever; and a $20,000 car which, when
properly cared for, will rust out in two or three years.
The meek shall inherit the earth  they are too weak to refuse.
The more laws and order are made prominent, the more thieves and
robbers there will be.
The more we disagree, the more chance there is that at least one of us
is right.
The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new
discoveries, is not "Eureka!" (I found it!) but "That's funny ..."
The most merciful thing in the world ... is the inability of the human mind to
correlate all its contents.
The new Congressmen say they're going to turn the government around. I
hope I don't get run over again.
The nice thing about standards is that there are so many of them to
choose from.
The notion of a "record" is an obsolete remnant of the days of the
80-column card.
The objective of all dedicated employees should be to thoroughly analyze
all situations, anticipate all problems prior to their occurrence, have
answers for these problems, and move swiftly to solve these problems when
called upon. However, when you are up to your ass in alligators it is
difficult to remind yourself your initial objective was to drain the swamp.
The one good thing about repeating your mistakes is that you know when
to cringe.
The only possible interpretation of any research whatever in the
`social sciences' is: some do, some don't.
The only problem with being a man of leisure is that you can never stop
and take a rest.
The only thing to do with good advice is pass it on. It is never any
use to oneself.
The opossum is a very sophisticated animal. It doesn't even get up
until 5 or 6 pm.
The opposite of a correct statement is a false statement. But the opposite of a
profound truth may well be another profound truth.
The past always looks better than it was. It's only pleasant because
it isn't here.
The personal computer market is about the same size as the total potato
chip market. Next year it will be about half the size of the pet food
market and is fast approaching the total worldwide sales of pantyhose
The pitcher wound up and he flang the ball at the batter. The batter
swang and missed. The pitcher flang the ball again and this time the
batter connected. He hit a high fly right to the center fielder. The
center fielder was all set to catch the ball, but at the last minute
his eyes were blound by the sun and he dropped it.
The police are not there to create disorder.  The police are there to
preserve disorder.
The power to destroy a planet is insignificant when compared to the power of
the Force.
The price one pays for pursuing any profession, or calling, is an intimate
knowledge of its ugly side.
The primary purpose of the DATA statement is to give names to
constants; instead of referring to pi as 3.141592653589793 at every
appearance, the variable PI can be given that value with a DATA
statement and used instead of the longer form of the constant. This
also simplifies modifying the program, should the value of pi change.
The probability of someone watching you is directly proportional to the
stupidity of your action.
The problem with any unwritten law is that you don't know where to go
to erase it.
The problem with being best man at a wedding is that you never get a
chance to prove it.
The problem with people who have no vices is that generally you can be
pretty sure they're going to have some pretty annoying virtues.
The programmer, like the poet, works only slightly removed from pure thought-
stuff. He builds his castles in the air, from air, creating by exertion of the
imagination. Few media of creation are so flexible, so easy to polish and
rework, so readily capable of realizing grand conceptual structures.
The purpose of most meetings seems to be to get as much human meat as possible
into one room.
The race is not always to the swift, nor the battle to the strong 
but that's the way to bet.
The rain it raineth on the just
But chiefly on the just, because
The reason ESP, for example, is not considered a viable topic in
contemporary psychology is simply that its investigation has not proven
fruitful...After more than 70 years of study, there still does not exist
one example of an ESP phenomenon that is replicable under controlled
conditions. This simple but basic scientific criterion has not been met
despite dozens of studies conducted over many decades... It is for this
reason alone that the topic is now of little interest to psychology... In
short, there is no demonstrated phenomenon that needs explanation.
The reason we struggle with insecurity is because we compare our
behind-the-scenes with everyone else's highlight reel.
The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one
persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all
progress depends on the unreasonable man.
The so-called "desktop metaphor" of today's workstations is instead an
"airplane-seat" metaphor. Anyone who has shuffled a lap full of papers while
seated between two portly passengers will recognize the difference  one can
see only a very few things at once.
The study of theology, as it stands in the Christian churches, is the study
of nothing; it is founded on nothing; it rests on no principles; it
proceeds by no authority; it has no data; it can demonstrate nothing; and
it admits of no conclusion.
The subject matter of research is no longer nature in itself, but nature
subjected to human questioning . . .
He did his very best to make
The billows smooth and bright 
And this was very odd, because it was
The middle of the night.
The tar pit of software engineering will continue to be sticky for a long time
to come. One can expect the human race to continue attempting systems just
within or just beyond our reach; and software systems are perhaps the most
intricate and complex of man's handiworks. The management of this complex
craft will demand our best use of new languages and systems, our best
adaptation of proven engineering management methods, liberal doses of common
sense, and ... humility to recognize our fallibility and limitations.
The Three Laws of Thermodynamics
The First Law: You can't get anything without working for it.
The Second Law: The most you can accomplish by working is to break even.
The Third Law: You can only break even at absolute zero.
The trouble with a kitten is that
When it grows up, it's always a cat
The trouble with being punctual is that people think you have nothing
more important to do.
The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody
appreciates how difficult it was.
The trouble with programmers is that you can never tell what a programmer
is doing until it's too late.
The trouble with us in America isn't that the poetry of life has turned to
prose, but that it has turned to advertising copy.
The truth of a proposition has nothing to do with its credibility. And
vice versa.
The typical page layout program is nothing more than an electronic
light table for cutting and pasting documents.
The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should, therefore, be
regarded as a criminal offense.
The vigor of civilized societies is preserved by the widespread sense that
high aims are worth-while. Vigorous societies harbor a certain
extravagance of objectives, so that men wander beyond the safe provision of
personal gratifications. All strong interests easily become impersonal,
the love of a good job well done. There is a sense of harmony about such
an accomplishment, the Peace brought by something worth-while.
The way to make a small fortune in the stock market is to start with a
large one.
The Web is like a dominatrix. Everywhere I turn, I see little buttons
ordering me to Submit.
[The World Wide Web is] the only thing I know of whose shortened
formwwwtakes three times longer to say than what it's short for.
The world is divided into two kinds of people: those who think the world is
divided into two kinds of people and those who do not.
The years of peak mental activity are undoubtedly between the ages of
four and eighteen. At four we know all the questions, at eighteen all
the answers.
Theorem: A cat has nine tails. Proof: No cat has eight tails. A cat has one
tail more than no cat. Therefore, a cat has nine tails.
There are 10 types of people who understand binary: The ones who do, and
the ones who don't.
There are four kinds of homicide: felonious, excusable, justifiable,
and praiseworthy ...
There are only two kinds of programming languages: those people always
bitch about and those nobody uses.
There are some micro-organisms that exhibit characteristics of both
plants and animals. When exposed to light they undergo photosynthesis;
and when the lights go out, they turn into animals. But then again,
don't we all?
There are three ways to get something done: do it yourself, hire
someone, or forbid your kids to do it.
"The Lord of the Rings" and "Atlas Shrugged". One is a childish fantasy
that often engenders a lifelong obsession with its unbelievable heroes,
leading to an emotionally stunted, socially crippled adulthood, unable to
deal with the real world. The other, of course, involves orcs.
There are two ways of constructing a software design. One way is to make
it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies and the other is to
make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies.
There are two ways to be fooled. One is to believe what isn't true. The other
is to refuse to accept what is true.
There are very few personal problems that cannot be solved through a
suitable application of high explosives.
There has been an alarming increase in the number of things you know nothing
about.
There is a decivilizing bug somewhere at work; unconsciously persons of
stern worth, by not resenting and resisting the small indignities of the
times, are preparing themselves for the eventual acceptance of what they
themselves know they don't want.
There is a great discovery still to be made in Literature: that of
paying literary men by the quantity they do NOT write.
There is no "Complete Idiot's Guide to Creationism," but perhaps one is not
needed.
There is no excuse for the use of the word "synergies" on any project where
common sense and straight talking are the norm.
There is some sort of perverse pleasure in knowing that it's basically
impossible to send a piece of hate mail through the Internet without its
being touched by a gay program. That's kind of funny.
There is one safeguard known generally to the wise, which is an advantage
and security to all, but especially to democracies as against despots. What
is it? Distrust.
There is no choice before us. Either we must Succeed in providing the
rational coordination of impulses and guts, or for centuries civilization
will sink into a mere welter of minor excitements. We must provide a Great
Age or see the collapse of the upward striving of the human race.
There is no idea so sacred that it cannot be questioned, analyzed...
and ridiculed.
There is no realizable power that man cannot, in time, fashion the tools to
attain, nor any power so secure that the naked ape will not abuse it. So
it is written in the genetic cards  only physics and war hold him in
check. And also the wife who wants him home by five, of course.
There is nothing so deadly as not to hold up to people the opportunity to
do great and wonderful things, if we wish to stimulate them in an active way.
There is only one thing in the world worse than being talked about, and
that is not being talked about.
There is so much sand in Northern Africa that if it were spread out it
would completely cover the Sahara Desert.
There was nothing I hated more than to see a filthy old drunkie, a howling
away at the sons of his father and going blurp blurp in between as if it were
a filthy old orchestra in his stinking rotten guts. I could never stand to
see anyone like that, especially when they were old like this one was.
There were in this country two very large monopolies. The larger of the
two had the following record: the Vietnam War, Watergate, double- digit
inflation, fuel and energy shortages, bankrupt airlines, and the 8-cent
postcard. The second was responsible for such things as the transistor,
the solar cell, lasers, synthetic crystals, high fidelity stereo recording,
sound motion pictures, radio astronomy, negative feedback, magnetic tape,
magnetic "bubbles", electronic switching systems, microwave radio and TV
relay systems, information theory, the first electrical digital computer,
and the first communications satellite. Guess which one got to tell the
other how to run the telephone business?
There's always someone, somewhere,
with a big nose, who knows
and who trips you up and laughs
when you fall.
There's more to life than sitting around in the sun in your underwear
playing the clarinet.
There's no limit to how complicated things can get, on account of one
thing always leading to another.
There's nothing remarkable about it. All one has to do is hit the right
keys at the right time and the instrument plays itself.
There's only one way to have a happy marriage and as soon as I learn
what it is I'll get married again.
There's so much plastic in this culture that vinyl leopard skin is
becoming an endangered synthetic.
These patriots don't mince words... Okay, sure, they ARE dangerous,
hopelessly ignorant, inbred, retarded borderline lunatics with an
insatiable lust for the blood of sinners  but at least they're HONEST
about it.
They [preachers] dread the advance of science as witches do the approach
of daylight and scowl on the fatal harbinger announcing the subversions
of the duperies on which they live.
This was the ultimate form of ostentation among technology freaks  to have
a system so complete and sophisticated that nothing showed; no machines,
no wires, no controls.
Thoreau's Law: If you see a man approaching you with the obvious intent of
doing you good, you should run for your life.
Those of us who believe in the right of any human being to belong to whatever
church he sees fit, and to worship God in his own way, cannot be accused
of prejudice when we do not want to see public education connected with
religious control of the schools, which are paid for by taxpayers' money.
Those who believe in astrology are living in houses with foundations of
Silly Putty.
Those who believe that they believe in God, but without passion in their
hearts, without anguish in mind, without uncertainty, without doubt,
without an element of despair even in their consolation, believe only in
the God idea, not God Himself.
Those who educate children well are more to be honored than parents,
for these only gave life, those the art of living well.
Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent
revolution inevitable.
Those who want the Government to regulate matters of the mind and spirit
are like men who are so afraid of being murdered that they commit suicide
to avoid assassination.
Times are bad. Children no longer obey their parents, and everyone is
writing a book.
To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first, and call whatever you hit the
target.
To criticize the incompetent is easy; it is more difficult to criticize the
competent.
To follow foolish precedents, and wink
With both our eyes, is easier than to think.
To invent products out of thin air, you don't ask people what they want 
after all, who would've told you ten years ago that they needed a CD
player? You ask them what problems they have when they get up in the
morning.
To knock a thing down, especially if it is cocked at an arrogant angle, is a
deep delight of the blood.
To those accustomed to the precise, structured methods of conventional
system development, exploratory development techniques may seem messy,
inelegant, and unsatisfying. But it's a question of congruence: precision
and flexibility may be just as disfunctional in novel, uncertain situations
as sloppiness and vacillation are in familiar, well-defined ones. Those
who admire the massive, rigid bone structures of dinosaurs should remember
that jellyfish still enjoy their very secure ecological niche.
True innovation often comes from the small startup who is lean enough to
launch a market but lacks the heft to own it.
Truthful, adj.: Dumb and illiterate.
Trying to be happy is like trying to build a machine for which the only
specification is that it should run noiselessly.
Turnaucka's Law: The attention span of a computer is only as long as its
electrical cord.
Tussman's Law: Nothing is as inevitable as a mistake whose time has come.
Under any conditions, anywhere, whatever you are doing, there is some
ordinance under which you can be booked.
Under deadline pressure for the next week. If you want something, it
can wait. Unless it's blind screaming paroxysmally hedonistic ...
United Nations, New York, December 25. The peace and joy of the
Christmas season was marred by a proclamation of a general strike of
all the military forces of the world. Panic reigns in the hearts of
all the patriots of every persuasion.
Meanwhile, fears of universal disaster sank to an all-time low over the
world.
Universe, n.: The problem.
University, n.: Like a software house, except the software's free, and it's
usable, and it works, and if it breaks they'll quickly tell you how to fix it.
Unless you are very rich and very eccentric, you will not enjoy the luxury of
a computer in your own home.
Users of a tool are willing to meet you halfway; if you do ninety percent
of the job, they will be ecstatic.
Van Roy's Law: An unbreakable toy is useful for breaking other toys.
A man without religion is like a fish without a bicycle.
Vital papers will demonstrate their vitality by spontaneously moving
from where you left them to where you can't find them.
Volcano - a mountain with hiccups.
Walter, I love you, but sooner or later, you're going to have to face the
fact you're a goddamn moron.
We can't let children think it's okay to dress up like Vikings and go
around hollering.
We don't want to discourage the innovators and those who take risks because
they're afraid of getting sued by a lawsuit.
For he to-day that sheds his blood with me
Shall be my brother; be he ne'er so vile,
This day shall gentle his condition:
And gentlemen in England now a-bed
Shall think themselves accursed they were not here,
And hold their manhoods cheap whiles any speaks
That fought with us upon Saint Crispin's day.
We may not return the affection of those who like us, but we always
respect their good judgement.
They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety
deserve neither liberty nor safety.
We must remember the First Amendment which protects any shrill jackass
no matter how self-seeking.
We will have solar energy as soon as the utility companies solve one
technical problem  how to run a sunbeam through a meter.
We'll be a great country where the fabrics are made up of groups and
loving centers.
We've sent a man to the moon, and that's 29,000 miles away. The center
of the Earth is only 4,000 miles away. You could drive that in a week,
but for some reason nobody's ever done it.
Wear me as a seal upon your heart, as a seal upon your arm; for love is strong
as death, passion cruel as the grave; it blazes up like blazing fire, fiercer
than any flame.
Weinberg's First Law: Progress is made on alternate Fridays.
Weinberg's Second Law: If builders built buildings the way programmers
wrote programs, then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy
civilization.
I know it don't thrill you
I hope it don't kill you.
Well, I killed my own grandfather and here I am! Guess there's no paradox
when time travel isn't involved.
Well, well, well! Well if it isn't fat stinking billy goat Billy Boy in
poison! How art thou, thou globby bottle of cheap stinking chip oil? Come
and get one in the yarbles, if ya have any yarble, ya eunuch jelly thou!
Well, you see, it's such a transitional creature. It's a piss-poor
reptile and not very much of a bird.
Westheimer's Discovery: A couple of months in the laboratory can frequently
save a couple of hours in the library.
Wethern's Law: Assumption is the mother of all screw-ups.
What a waste it is to lose one's mind  or not to have a mind at all.
What is the difference between the modern computer and a Turing machine?
It's the same as that between Hillary's ascent of Everest and the
establishment of a Hilton on its peak.
What is tolerance?  it is the consequence of humanity. We are all formed
of frailty and error; let us pardon reciprocally each other's folly 
that is the first law of nature.
What makes the Universe so hard to comprehend is that there's nothing
to compare it with.
What publishers are looking for these days isn't radical feminism. It's
corporate feminism  a brand of feminism designed to sell books and
magazines, three-piece suits, airline tickets, Scotch, cigarettes and, most
important, corporate America's message, which runs: "Yes, women were
discriminated against in the past, but that unfortunate mistake has been
remedied; now every woman can attain wealth, prestige and power by dint of
individual rather than collective effort."
When I said "we", officer, I was referring to myself, the four young
ladies, and, of course, the goat.
When I sell liquor, its called bootlegging; when my patrons serve
it on Lake Shore Drive, its called hospitality.
When I was a boy I was told that anybody could become President. Now
I'm beginning to believe it.
When I was in my twenties, not shaving for a few days gave me a cool Don
Johnson/Miami Vice look. Now that I'm in my forties, though, it tends to
make me look more like Otis from Mayberry.
When I was in school, I cheated on my metaphysics exam: I looked into
the soul of the boy sitting next to me.
When Yahweh your gods has settled you in the land you're about to occupy, and
driven out many infidels before you...you're to cut them down and exterminate
them. You're to make no compromise with them or show them any mercy.
[Deut. 7:1 (KJV)]
When a Banker jumps out of a window, jump after him  that's where the
money is.
When a fellow says, "It ain't the money but the principle of the
thing," it's the money.
When a place gets crowded enough to require ID's, social collapse is
not far away. It is time to go elsewhere. The best thing about space
travel is that it made it possible to go elsewhere.
When a shepherd goes to kill a wolf, and takes his dog along to see the
sport, he should take care to avoid mistakes. The dog has certain
relationships to the wolf the shepherd may have forgotten.
When asked, "If you find so much that is unworthy of reverence in the United
States, then why do you live here?" Mencken replied, "Why do men go to zoos?"
When bad men combine, the good must associate; else they will fall one by one,
an unpitied sacrifice in a contemptible struggle.
When choosing between two evils I always like to take the one I've never tried
before.
When does summertime come to Minnesota, you ask? Well, last year, I
think it was a Tuesday.
When everything has been seen to work, all integrated, you have four more
months of work to do.
When in doubt, do what the President does  guess.
When people thought the earth was flat, they were wrong. When people thought
the earth was spherical, they were wrong. But if you think that thinking the
earth is spherical is just as wrong as thinking the earth is flat, then your
view is wronger than both of them put together.
When someone says "I want a programming language in which I need only
say what I wish done," give him a lollipop.
When the government bureau's remedies do not match your problem, you
modify the problem, not the remedy.
When two people are under the influence of the most violent, most
insane, most delusive, and most transient of passions, they are
required to swear that they will remain in that excited, abnormal, and
exhausting condition continuously until death do them part.
When we are ignorant of the answer to an important question, one way
to proceed is to ask which path of inquiry promises best to facilitate
learning.
When we are planning for posterity, we ought to remember that virtue is
not hereditary.
When we jumped into Sicily, the units became separated, and I couldn't find
anyone. Eventually I stumbled across two colonels, a major, three captains,
two lieutenants, and one rifleman, and we secured the bridge. Never in the
history of war have so few been led by so many.
Where humor is concerned there are no standards  no one can say what
is good or bad, although you can be sure that everyone will.
Where is it written in the Constitution that you may take children from their
parents, and parents from their children, and compel them to fight the battles
of any war in which the folly or wickedness of government may engage it?
Whether you can hear it or not
The Universe is laughing behind your back
While anyone can admit to themselves they were wrong, the true test is
admission to someone else.
While money can't buy happiness, it certainly lets you choose your own
form of misery.
While most peoples' opinions change, the conviction of their correctness never
does.
While you don't greatly need the outside world, it's still very reassuring to
know that it's still there.
Why did the Lord give us so much quickness of movement unless it was to
avoid responsibility with?
Why does man kill? He kills for food. And not only food: frequently
there must be a beverage.
Why is it that our memory is good enough to retain the least triviality that
happens to us, and yet not good enough to recollect how often we have told
it to the same person?
Wiker's Law: Government expands to absorb all available revenue and then some.
Winter is the season in which people try to keep the house as warm as
it was in the summer, when they complained about the heat.
With all the fancy scientists in the world, why can't they just once
build a nuclear balm?
With every passing hour our solar system comes forty-three thousand
miles closer to globular cluster M13 in the constellation Hercules, and
still there are some misfits who continue to insist that there is no
such thing as progress.
Without coffee he could not work, or at least he could not have worked in
the way he did. In addition to paper and pens, he took with him everywhere
as an indispensable article of equipment the coffee machine, which was no
less important to him than his table or his white robe.
Wozencraft's Law: If you make all of your plans on the assumption that a
particular thing won't happenit will.
Writing code has a place in the human hierarchy worth somewhere above grave
robbing and beneath managing.
Writing in C or C++ is like running a chain saw with all the safety guards
removed.
Writing programs needs genius to save the last order or the last millisecond.
It is great fun, but it is a young man's game. You start it with great
enthusiasm when you first start programming, but after ten years you get a
bit bored with it, and then you turn to automatic-programming languages and
use them because they enable you to get to the heart of the problem that you
want to do, instead of having to concentrate on the mechanics of getting the
program going as fast as you possibly can, which is really nothing more than
doing a sort of crossword puzzle.
Yes, many primitive people still believe this myth...But in today's technical
vastness of the future, we can guess that surely things were much different.
Yesterday upon the stair
I met a man who wasn't there.
He wasn't there again today 
Yinkel, n.: A person who combs his hair over his bald spot, hoping no one
will notice.
You can measure a programmer's perspective by noting his attitude on
the continuing viability of FORTRAN.
You can never get all the facts from just one newspaper, and unless you
have all the facts, you cannot make proper judgements about what is going on.
You can take all the impact that science considerations have on funding
decisions at NASA, put them in the navel of a flea, and have room left
over for a caraway seed and Tony Calio's heart.
You can tell how far we have to go, when FORTRAN is the language of
supercomputers.
You can't have great software without a great team, and most software teams
behave like dysfunctional families.
You can't start worrying about what's going to happen. You get spastic
enough worrying about what's happening now.
You can't teach self-esteem. Self-esteem arises from attempting challenging
tasks and mastering them.
You know why there are so few sophisticated computer terrorists in the United
States? Because your hackers have so much mobility into the establishment.
Here, there is no such mobility. If you have the slightest bit of
intellectual integrity you cannot support the government.... That's why the
best computer minds belong to the opposition.
You or I must yield up his life to Ahrimanes. I would rather it were you.
I should have no hesitation in sacrificing my own life to spare yours, but
we take stock next week, and it would not be fair on the company.
You should emulate your heros, but don't carry it too far. Especially
You should never wear your best trousers when you go out to fight for
freedom and liberty.
Your conscience never stops you from doing anything. It just stops you
from enjoying it.
Your reality is lies and balderdash, and I'm glad to say that I have no grasp
of it.
Youth is when you blame all your troubles on your parents; maturity is
when you learn that everything is the fault of the younger generation.
Zero Defects, n.: The result of shutting down a production line.
Zimmerman's Law of Complaints: Nobody notices when things go right.
Zounds! I was never so bethumped with words
since I first called my brother's father dad.
[In the U. S. Army] An officer does not take an oath of loyalty to the
Commander-in-Chief.  He takes an oath of loyalty to the Constitution.
grep me no patterns and I'll tell you no lines.
All successful newspapers are ceaselessly querulous and bellicose. They
never defend anyone or anything if they can help it; if the job is forced
upon them, they tackle it by denouncing someone or something else.
College football is a game which would be much more interesting if the
faculty played instead of the students, and even more interesting if the
trustees played. There would be a great increase in broken arms, legs, and
necks, and simultaneously an appreciable diminution in the loss to humanity.
Democracy is also a form of worship. It is the worship of Jackals by
Jackasses.
Democracy is a pathetic belief in the collective wisdom of individual ignorance.
Every normal man must be tempted at times to spit on his hands, hoist the
black flag, and begin slitting throats.
Faith may be defined briefly as an illogical belief in the occurrence of the
improbable.
Explanations exist; they have existed for all time; there is always a
well-known solution to every human problem  neat, plausible, and wrong.
Equality before the law is probably forever inattainable. It is a noble
ideal, but it can never be realized, for what men value in this world is
not rights but privileges.
For one American husband who maintains a chorus girl in Levantine luxury
around the corner, there are hundreds who are as true to their oaths, year
in and year out, as so many convicts in the deathhouse.
I believe that religion, generally speaking, has been a curse to mankindthat
its modest and greatly overestimated services on the ethical side have been
more than overborne by the damage it has done to clear and honest thinking.
Men have a much better time of it than women. For one thing, they marry
later. For another thing, they die earlier.
My guess is that well over eighty per cent of the human race goes through
life without ever having a single original thought. That is to say, they
never think anything that has not been thought before, and by thousands. A
society made up of individuals who were all capable of original thought
would probably be unendurable. The pressure of ideas would simply drive it
frantic.
No government is ever really in favor of so-called civil rights. It always
tries to whittle them down. They are preserved under all governments,
insofar as they survive at all, by special classes of fanatics, often
highly dubious.
Nowhere in the world is superiority more easily attained, or more eagerly
admitted. The chief business of the nation, as a nation, is the setting up
of heroes, mainly bogus.
Once he had one leg in the White House and the nation trembled under his
roars. Now he is a tinpot pope in the Coca-Cola belt and a brother to the
forlorn pastors who belabor halfwits in galvanized iron tabernacles behind
the railroad yards.
Say what you will about the Ten Commandments, you must always come back to
the pleasant fact that there are only ten of them.
Sin is a dangerous toy in the hands of the virtuous. It should be left to the
congenitally sinful, who know when to play with it and when to let it alone.
Suppose two-thirds of the members of the national House of Representatives
were dumped into the Washington garbage incinerator tomorrow, what would we
lose to offset our gain of their salaries and the salaries of their parasites?
The capacity of human beings to bore one another seems to be vastly greater
than that of any other animal.
The chief contribution of Protestantism to human thought is its massive proof
that God is a bore.
The great artists of the world are never Puritans, and seldom even
ordinarily respectable. No virtuous manthat is, virtuous in the YMCA
sensehas ever painted a picture worth looking at, or written a symphony
worth hearing, or a book worth reading, and it is highly improbable that
the thing has ever been done by a virtuous woman.
The highfalutin aims of democracy, whether real or imaginary, are always
assumed to be identical with its achievements. This, of course, is sheer
hallucination. Not one of those aims, not even the aim of giving every
adult a vote, has been realized. It has no more made men wise and free than
Christianity has made them good.
The most costly of all follies is to believe passionately in the palpably not
true. It is the chief occupation of mankind.
The notion that science does not concern itself with first causesthat
it leaves the field to theology or metaphysics, and confines itself to mere
effectsthis notion has no support in the plain facts. If it could,
science would explain the origin of life on earth at once  and there is
every reason to believe that it will do so on some not too remote tomorrow.
To argue that gaps in knowledge which will confront the seeker must be
filled, not by patient inquiry, but by intuition or revelation, is simply
to give ignorance a gratuitous and preposterous dignity....
The one permanent emotion of the inferior man is fearfear of the unknown,
the complex, the inexplicable. What he wants beyond everything else is safety.
The truth is that Christian theology, like every other theology, is not only
opposed to the scientific spirit; it is also opposed to all other attempts
at rational thinking. Not by accident does Genesis 3 make the father of
knowledge a serpent  slimy, sneaking and abominable. Since the earliest
days the church as an organization has thrown itself violently against every
effort to liberate the body and mind of man. It has been, at all times and
everywhere, the habitual and incorrigible defender of bad governments, bad
laws, bad social theories, bad institutions. It was, for centuries, an
apologist for slavery, as it was the apologist for the divine right of kings.
The whole aim of practical politics is to keep the populace alarmed (and hence
clamorous to be led to safety) by menacing it with an endless series of
hobgoblins, all of them imaginary.
There is, in fact, no reason to believe that any given natural phenomenon,
however marvelous it may seem today, will remain forever inexplicable.
Soon or late the laws governing the production of life itself will be
discovered in the laboratory, and man may set up business as a creator on
his own account. The thing, indeed, is not only conceivable; it is even
highly probable.
To sum up: 1. The cosmos is a gigantic fly-wheel making 10,000 revolutions
a minute. 2. Man is a sick fly taking a dizzy ride on it. 3. Religion is the
theory that the wheel was designed and set spinning to give him the ride.
When a candidate for public office faces the voters he does not face men of
sense; he faces a mob of men whose chief distinguishing mark is the fact that
they are quite incapable of weighing ideas, or even of comprehending any save
the most elemental  men whose whole thinking is done in terms of emotion, and
whose dominant emotion is dread of what they cannot understand. So confronted,
the candidate must either bark with the pack or be lost... All the odds are on
the man who is, intrinsically, the most devious and mediocre  the man who can
most adeptly disperse the notion that his mind is a virtual vacuum. The
Presidency tends, year by year, to go to such men. As democracy is perfected,
the office represents, more and more closely, the inner soul of the people. We
move toward a lofty ideal. On some great and glorious day the plain folks of
the land will reach their heart's desire at last, and the White House will be
adorned by a downright moron.
When A annoys or injures B on the pretense of saving or improving X, A is a
scoundrel.
Whenever you hear a man speak of his love for his country it is a sign that
he expects to be paid for it.
From Fronto I learned to observe what envy, and duplicity, and hypocrisy are
in a tyrant, and that generally those among us who are called Patricians are
rather deficient in paternal affection.
The time of a man's life is as a point; the substance of it ever flowing, the
sense obscure; and the whole composition of the body tending to corruption.
That [life] which is longest of duration, and that which is shortest, both
come to one effect.
You must, therefore, hasten, not only because you are every day nearer to
death, but also because your intellect, which enables you to know the true
nature of things and to order all your actions by that knowledge, wastes and
decays dailyor, may fail you before you die.
Never esteem of anything as profitable, which shell ever constrain thee to
break thy faith, or to lose thy modestroy; to hate any man, to suspect to
curse, to dissemble, to lust after anything, that requireth the secret of
walls or veils.
He who prefers, before all things, his rational part and spirit... he shall
never lament and exclaim; never sigh; he shall never want either solitude
or company; and, which is chiefest of all, he shall live without either
desire or fear.
Let no act be done without a purpose, nor otherwise than according to the
perfect principles of art.
Take away your opinion, and you then take away the complaint, "I have been
harmed." Take away the complaint, "I have been harmed," and the harm is taken
away.
Many grains of frankincense on the same altar: one falls before, another falls
after; but it makes no difference.
Do not act as if you were going to live ten thousand years. Death hangs over
you. While you live, while it is in your power, be good.
How much trouble he avoids who does not look to see what his neighbour says or
does or thinks, but only to what he does himself, that it may be just and pure.
Everything which is in any way beautiful is beautiful in itself, and
terminates in itself, not having praise as part of itself. Neither worse,
then, nor better is a thing made by being praised.
The words which were formerly familiar are now antiquated: so also the names
of those who were famed of old, are now in a manner antiquated... For all
things soon pass away and become a mere tale, and complete oblivion soon
buries them.
Everything is only for a day, both that which remembers and that which is
remembered.
Thou art a little soul bearing about a corpse, as Epictetus used to say. 
Time is like a river made up of the events which happen, and a violent stream;
for as soon as a thing has been seen, it is carried away, and another comes in
its place, and this will be carried away too.
Be like the promontory against which the waves continually break, but it
stands firm and tames the fury of the water around it.
How easy it is to repel and to wipe away every impression which is troublesome
or unsuitable, and immediately to be in all tranquility.
To seek what is impossible is madness: and it is impossible that the bad
should not do something of this kind.
If any man is able to convince me and show me that I do not think or act
right, I will gladly change; for I seek the truth by which no man was ever
injured. But he is injured who abides in his error and ignorance.
Let not future things disturb you, for you will come to them, if it shall be
necessary, having with you the same reason which you now use for present
things.
He often acts unjustly who does not do a certain thing; not only he who does a
certain thing.
American justice is measured by the amount of money you are willing to risk
to make your point.
America has become a tired old whore, selling her institutions like back alley
blowjobs to fat cat businessmen for their pocket change.
But in the end I remind myself that people are merely shaved apes, and
pretty much spend their time masturbating and throwing feces.
I am waiting for the "Internet Beermeister," so hackers can wage a
"Denial of Cerveza" attack.
Money doesn't stretchif somebody makes a killing, somebody else loses
his shirt.
Nothing is more dangerous than a man whose actions are the responsibility
of his deity.
Some people hold their noses when used as toilet paper by the shadowy
overlords; some people inhale the heady aroma with gusto.
Those who sacrifice liberty for the sake of safety deserve neither, but those
who sacrifice creativity for safety end up with a velvet painting of Elvis.
Working in Windows is like baking moose shit pie. Sure, you're baking pies, but
look what's in 'em.
The American business executive resembles the Ferengi more each day. In another
20 years, there will be dorm rooms full of toothless hillbillies at the Amazon
fulfillment centers and the Walmarts.
Here's a bumper sticker I'd like to see: "We are the proud parents of a child
whose self-esteem is sufficient that he doesn't need us promoting his minor
scholastic achievements on the back of our car."
Honesty may be the best policy, but it's important to remember that apparently,
by elimination, dishonesty is the second-best policy.
I have as much authority as the Pope, I just don't have as many people who
believe it.
I'm completely in favor of the separation of Church and State. My idea is that
these two institutions screw us up enough on their own, so both of them
together is certain death.
I think it's the duty of the comedian to find out where the line is drawn and
cross it deliberately.
If it's true that our species is alone in the universe, then I'd have to say
the universe aimed rather low and settled for very little.
Just because your tattoo has Chinese characters in it doesn't make you
Spiritual. It's right above the crack of your butt. And it translates to
"beef with broccoli." The last time you did anything spiritual, you were
praying to God you weren't pregnant. You're not spiritual.
The very existence of flame-throwers proves that some time, somewhere, someone
said to themselves, "You know, I want to set those people over there on fire,
but I'm just not close enough to get the job done."
Anybody who wants religion is welcome to it, as far as I'm concerned  I
support your right to enjoy it. However, I would appreciate it if you
exhibited more respect for the rights of those people who do not wish to
share your dogma, rapture or necrodestination.
Hey, you know something, people? I'm not black, but there's a whole lot of
times I wish I could say I'm not white.
I think pop music has done more for oral intercourse than anything else
that has ever happened, and vice versa.
If you wind up with a boring, miserable life because you listened to your
mother, your Dad, your priest, to some guy on television, to any of the
people telling you how to do your shit, then you *deserve* it. If you
want to be a schmuck, be a schmuck  but don't wait around for respect
from other people  a schmuck is a schmuck.
In the future, etiquette will become more and more important. That doesn't
mean knowing which fork to pick up  I mean basic consideration for the
rights of other animals (human beings included) and the willingness,
whenever practical, to tolerate the other guy's idiosyncrasies.
Is that a real poncho? I mean, is that a Mexican poncho or a Sears poncho?
Hmmm... No fooling.
Most rock journalism is people who can't write interviewing people who can't
talk for the people who can't read.
My best advice to anyone who wants to raise a happy, mentally healthy child
is: Keep him or her as far away from a church as you can.
Take the Kama Sutra. How many people died from the Kama Sutra as opposed to
the Bible? Who wins?
The bassoon is one of my favorite instruments. It has a medieval aroma,
like the days when everything used to sound like that. Some people crave
baseball...I find this unfathomable, but I can easily understand why a
person could get excited about playing the bassoon.
The Book says BURN and DESTROY repent and redeem and revenge and deploy and
rumble thee forth to the land of the unbelieving scum 'cause they don't go
for what's in the Book and that makes 'em BAD.
The computer can't tell you the emotional story. It can give you the exact
mathematical design, but what's missing is the eyebrows.
The essence of Christianity is told to us in the Garden of Eden history.
The fruit that was forbidden was on the Tree of Knowledge. The subtext is,
"All the suffering you have is because you wanted to find out what was
going on. You could be in the Garden of Eden if you had just kept your
fucking mouth shut and hadn't asked any questions."
There is more stupidity than hydrogen in the universe, and it has a longer
shelf life.
There is no such thing as a dirty word. Nor is there a word so powerful,
that it's going to send the listener to the lake of fire upon hearing it.
There's no such thing as bad language. I don't believe that any more. That's
ridiculous. They call it a "debasing of the language?" No! We are adults.
These are the words that WE use, to express frustration, rage, angerin
order that we don't pick up a tire iron and beat the shit out of someone.
I don't know if you noticed, but our two-party system is a bowl of shit
looking in the mirror at itself.
There is a big difference between the Old Testament and the New Testament,
and that is, the New Testament God is kind of a great guy (He is!), especially
when you compare him to the Old Testament God, who is a prick.
The reason you should go to Las Vegas is because, for only the second time,
the second time, ever, they have rebuilt Sodom and Gomorrah. It's back!!
And you have the opportunity to see it before it turns to salt. And you
wanna get out there before the Christian Right finds out what we're up to
and shits all over it.
[The Weather Channel] is the most watched cable channel in America. I'll
repeat that. It is the most watched cable channel in America. They were
worried about the terrorists immobilizing us, and a portion of our
countrymen watch weather. 'Kay, you don't get any more immobile than
that... unless you're in a goddamn coma. That means you're saying, "I'd go
to the window, but it's too far." If you want to know what the weather is
you go to a window and stick your hand out and if you want to know what the
temperature is you drive by a bank.
There's no such thing as soy milk. It's soy juice. But they couldn't sell
soy juice, so they called it soy milk. Because anytime you say soy juice,
you actually... start to gag.
You don't want another Enron? Here's the law: If you have a company, and it
can't explain, in one sentence... what it does... it's illegal!
The one thing I think we learned this year is that the Democrats and the
Republicans are completely worthless.
If mzero doesn't need to be a single, unambiguous value, then the algebra
of monads would seem to be a bit hinky.
We like to think we spend most of our time power-typing. "I'm being productive,
I'm writing programs!" But, we don't. We spend most of our time looking into
the abyss, saying, "My God, what have I done?"
I used to think everyone should learn programming. When I first starting
programming...I thought, "Wow, this is such an amazing way to organize
information! Everybody should learn to do this!" I don't think that any more. I
think there has to be something seriously wrong with you, in order to do this
work. A normal person, once they've looked into the abyss, will say, "I'm done.
This is stupid. I'm going to go to something else." But not us, 'cause there's
something really wrong with us.
Confusion must be avoided. Confusion is the enemy. Confusion is what causes
bugs and security mishaps and all the other things that make us miserable.
Critical thinking is the antidote to gullibility and credulity, which explains
why politicians aren't fond of critical thinking.
There's a certain freedom in being so tired that you just can't possibly do
another thing.
The president of the United States has claimed, on more than one occasion, to
be in dialogue with God. If he said that he was talking to God through his
hairdryer, this would precipitate a national emergency. I fail to see how the
addition of a hairdryer makes the claim more ridiculous or offensive.
Man is manifestly not the measure of all things. This universe is shot through
with mystery. The very fact of its being, and of our own, is a mystery
absolute, and the only miracle worthy of the name.
What is so unnerving about the candidacy of Sarah Palin is the degree to which
she representsand her supporters celebratethe joyful marriage of confidence
and ignorance . . . Ask yourself: how has "elitism" become a bad word in
American politics? There is simply no other walk of life in which extraordinary
talent and rigorous training are denigrated. We want elite pilots to fly our
planes, elite troops to undertake our most critical missions, elite athletes to
represent us in competition and elite scientists to devote the most productive
years of their lives to curing our diseases. And yet, when it comes time to
vest people with even greater responsibilities, we consider it a virtue to shun
any and all standards of excellence. When it comes to choosing the people whose
thoughts and actions will decide the fates of millions, then we suddenly want
someone just like us, someone fit to have a beer with, someone down-to-earthin
fact, almost anyone, provided that he or she doesn't seem too intelligent or
well educated.
Unreason is now ascendant in the United Statesin our schools, in our courts,
and in each branch of the federal government.
The point at which we fully acquire our humanity, and our capacity to suffer,
remains an open question, but anyone who would dogmatically insist that these
traits must arise coincident with the moment of conception has nothing to
contribute, apart from his ignorance, to this debate.
Water is two parts hydrogen and one part oxygen. This seems as value-free an
utterance as human beings ever make. But what do we do when someone doubts the
truth of this proposition? Ok, all we can do is appeal to scientific values.
The value of understanding the world. The value of evidence. The value of
logical consistency. What if someone says, Well, thats not how I choose to
think about water. Ok, what can we say to such a person? Ok, all we can do is
appeal to scientific values. And if he doesnt share those values, the
conversation is over. Ok, if someone doesnt value evidence, what evidence are
you going to provide to prove that they should value it? If someone doesnt
value logic, what logical argument could you provide to show the importance of
logic?
I love living in the future.  Bill Cheswick
Sendmail(8) proved that if you polish a turd long enough, you may eventually
end up with a shiny coprolite.
Salad is what food eats.  Bill Cheswick
Not only do they prohibit discrimination on the grounds of race, creed
and color, but also on ability.
If, after hearing my songs, just one human being is inspired to say something
nasty to a friend, or perhaps to strike a loved one, it will all have been
worth the while.
I'm not tempted to write a song about George W. Bush. I couldn't figure out
what sort of song I would write. That's the problem: I don't want to satirise
George Bush and his puppeteers, I want to vaporize them.
I basically like "comments," though they can seem a little jarring: spit-
flecked rants that are appended to a product that at least tries for a measure
of objectivity and dignity. It's as though when you order a sirloin steak, it
comes with a side of maggots.
I disagree with those who suggest that we permanently close down the U.S. mail
on the grounds that it can kill you. That is sheer hysteria. I think we should
permanently close down the U.S. mail on the grounds that it has been making us
sick for quite a while.
Anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no
account be allowed to do the job.
Bypasses are devices that allow some people to dash from point A to point B
very fast while other people dash from point B to point A very fast. People
living at point C, being a point directly in between, are often given to wonder
what's so great about point A that so many people from point B are so keen to
get there and what's so great about point B that so many people from point A
are so keen to get THERE. They often wish that people would just once and for
all work out where the hell they wanted to be.
Far out in the uncharted backwaters of the unfashionable end of the Western
Spiral arm of the Galaxy lies a small unregarded yellow sun. Orbiting this at a
distance of roughly ninety-eight million miles is an utterly insignificant
little blue-green planet whose ape-descended life forms are so amazingly
primitive that they still think digital watches are a pretty neat idea ...
Men were real men, women were real women, and small, furry creatures from Alpha
Centauri were REAL small, furry creatures from Alpha Centauri. Spirits were
brave, men boldly split infinitives that no man had split before. Thus was the
Empire forged.
Space is big. You just won't believe how vastly, hugely, mind- bogglingly big
it is. I mean, you may think it's a long way down the road to the chemist's,
but that's just peanuts to space.
The word "spine" is, of course, an anagram of "penis". This is true in almost
fifty percent of the languages of the Galaxy, and many people have attempted to
explain why. Usually these explanations get bogged down in silly puns about
"standing erect".
There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the
Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced
by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which
states that this has already happened.
Inspiration usually comes during work, rather than before it. 
That's the way things come clear. All of a sudden. And then you realize how
obvious they've been all along. 
When we were children, we used to think that when we were grown-up we would no
longer be vulnerable. But to grow up is to accept vulnerability... To be alive
is to be vulnerable.
Because you're not what I would have you be, I blind myself to who, in truth,
you are.
A photograph is usually looked at - seldom looked into.
Dodging and burning are steps to take care of mistakes God made in
establishing tonal relationships.
In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of
exploration.
These people live again in print as intensely as when their images were
captured on old dry plates of sixty years ago... I am walking in their alleys,
standing in their rooms and sheds and workshops, looking in and out of their
windows. Any they in turn seem to be aware of me.
When I'm ready to make a photograph, I think I quite obviously see in my minds
eye something that is not literally there in the true meaning of the word. I'm
interested in something which is built up from within, rather than just
extracted from without.
When in doubt, tell the truth.
A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining
and wants it back the minute it begins to rain.
A classic is something that everybody wants to have read and nobody
wants to read.
[He was] a solemn, unsmiling, sanctimonious old iceberg who looked like he
was waiting for a vacancy in the Trinity.
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you
nothing. It was here first.
I must have a prodigious quantity of mind; it takes me as much as a
week sometimes to make it up.
I was gratified to be able to answer promptly, and I did. I said I
didn't know.
If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous, he will not bite
you. This is the principal difference between a dog and a man.
It is by the fortune of God that, in this country, we have three benefits:
freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either.
Man is the only animal that blushes  or needs to.
It could probably be shown, by facts and figures, that there is no distinctly
native criminal class except Congress.
There is something fascinating about science. One gets such wholesale
returns of conjecture out of such a trifling investment of fact.
They spell it "da Vinci" and pronounce it "da Vinchy". Foreigners always spell
better than they pronounce.
When I was younger, I could remember anything, whether it had happened or not;
but my faculties are decaying now and soon I shall be so I cannot remember any
but the things that never happened. It is sad to go to pieces like this but we
all have to do it.
Whenever the literary German dives into a sentence, that is the last you
are going to see of him until he emerges on the other side of the Atlantic
with his verb in his mouth.
Whenever you find that you are on the side of the majority, it is time
to reform.
Why is it that we rejoice at a birth and grieve at a funeral? It is
because we are not the person involved.
But who prays for Satan? Who, in eighteen centuries, has had the common
humanity to pray for the one sinner that needed it most?
Drag your thoughts away from your troubles... by the ears, by the heels, or any
other way you can manage it.
If the world comes to an end, I want to be in Cincinnati. Everything comes
there ten years later.
Patriot: the person who can holler the loudest without knowing what he is
hollering about.
Suppose you were an idiot, and suppose you were a member of Congress. But I 
repeat myself.
There are basically two types of people. People who accomplish things, and
people who claim to have accomplished things. The first group is less crowded.
To be good is noble; but to show others how to be good is nobler and no
trouble.
Truth is mighty and will prevail. There is nothing wrong with this, except that
it ain't so.
When people do not respect us we are sharply offended; yet in his private heart
no man much respects himself.
When we remember we are all mad, the mysteries disappear and life stands
explained.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and
reflect.
Wit is the sudden marriage of ideas which before their union were not perceived
to have any relation.
[Silvio Berlusconi] is so thoroughly corrupt, every time he smiles, an
angel gets gonorrhea.
[Adulthood] feels like ... walking around in a desert, with a bag over
your head, bumping into people who rob you as they bore you.
Tequila isn't even a drink. It's just a way of getting the police round,
without using the phone.
I basically think I'm what would've happened if James Dean had lived,
and discovered carbohydrates and orthopedic shoes.
You want a toe? I can get you a toe, believe me. There are ways, Dude. You
don't wanna know about it, believe me.
"The Dude abides." I don't know about you but I take comfort in that. It's good
knowin' he's out there. The Dude. Takin' 'er easy for all us sinners. Shoosh. I
sure hope he makes the finals.
Weve bought into the idea that education is about training and
"success", defined monetarily, rather than learning to think critically
and to challenge. We should not forget that the true purpose of education
is to make minds, not careers. A culture that does not grasp the vital
interplay between morality and power, which mistakes management techniques
for wisdom, which fails to understand that the measure of a civilization
is its compassion, not its speed or ability to consume, condemns itself
to death.
Inverted totalitarianism, unlike classical totalitarianism, does not
revolve around a demagogue or charismatic leader. It finds expression in
the anonymity of the Corporate State. It purports to cherish democracy,
patriotism, and the Constitution while manipulating internal levers.
Washington has become our Versailles. We are ruled, entertained,
and informed by courtiersand the media has evolved into a class of
courtiers. The Democrats, like the Republicans, are mostly courtiers. Our
pundits and experts, at least those with prominent public platforms,
are courtiers. We are captivated by the hollow stagecraft of political
theater as we are ruthlessly stripped of power. It is smoke and mirrors,
tricks and con games, and the purpose behind it is deception.
The split in America, rather than simply economic, is between those who
embrace reason, who function in the real world of cause and effect, and those
who, numbed by isolation and despair, now seek meaning in a mythical world
of intuition, a world that is no longer reality-based, a world of magic.
Hope has a cost. Hope is not comfortable or easy. Hope requires personal
risk. It is not about the right attitude. Hope is not about peace of
mind. Hope is action. Hope is doing something. The more futile, the more
useless, the more irrelevant and incomprehensible an act of rebellion is,
the vaster and more potent hope becomes.  Hope never makes sense. Hope is
weak, unorganized and absurd. Hope, which is always nonviolent, exposes in
its powerlessness, the lies, fraud and coercion employed by the state. Hope
knows that an injustice visited on our neighbor is an injustice visited on
all of us. Hope posits that people are drawn to the good by the good. This
is the secret of hope's power. Hope demands for others what we demand for
ourselves. Hope does not separate us from them. Hope sees in our enemy
our own face.
Racism towards Muslims is as evil as anti-Semitism, but try to express
this simple truth on a partisan Palestinian or Israeli website.
A society without the means to detect lies and theft soon squanders its
liberty and freedom.
Really, the comforting side in most conspiracy theory arguments is the
one claiming that anyone who's in power has any plan at all.
Meetings are an addictive, highly self-indulgent activity that corporations
and other large organizations habitually engage in only because they cannot
actually masturbate.
Styling mousse, which is gunk that looks like shaving cream ... was invented
by a French hair professional whom, if you met him, you would want to punch
directly in the mouth.
There are two kinds of solar-heat systems: "passive" systems collect the
sunlight that hits your home, and "active" systems collect the sunlight
that hits your neighbors' homes, too.
There is more money being spent on breast implants and Viagra than on
Alzheimer's research. This means that by 2030, there should be a large
elderly population with perky boobs and huge erections and absolutely no
recollection of what to do with them.
It is inhumane, in my opinion, to force people who have a genuine medical
need for coffee to wait in line behind people who apparently view it as
some kind of recreational activity.
Although golf was originally restricted to wealthy, overweight Protestants,
today it's open to anybody who owns hideous clothing.
People who want to share their religious views with you almost never want
you to share yours with them.
If A equals success, then the formula is:
Great spirits have always found violent opposition from mediocrities. The
latter cannot understand it when a man does not thoughtlessly submit to
hereditary prejudices but honestly and courageously uses his intelligence.
We can't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we
created them.
Man usually avoids attributing cleverness to somebody else, unless it is an
enemy.
My religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior
spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive
with our frail and feeble mind.
The further the spiritual evolution of mankind advances, the more certain it
seems to me that the path to genuine religiosity does not lie through the
fear of life, and the fear of death, and blind faith, but through striving
after rational knowledge.
The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason
for existing.
God does not care about our mathematical difficulties. He integrates
empirically.
Dear Posterity, If you have not become more just, more peaceful, and generally
more rational than we are (or were)  why then, the Devil take you.
As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not
certain; and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality.
An autocratic system of coercion, in my opinion, soon degenerates. For
force always attracts men of low morality, and I believe it to be an
invariable rule that tyrants of genius are succeeded by scoundrels.
"If I had only known, I would have been a locksmith."
"I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but
World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones."
All that is valuable in human society depends upon the opportunity
for development accorded the individual. 
Any intelligent fool can make things bigger and more complex... It takes a
touch of genius - and a lot of courage to move in the opposite direction.
As far as I'm concerned, I prefer silent vice to ostentatious virtue. 
Concern for man and his fate must always form the chief interest of all
technical endeavors. Never forget this in the midst of your diagrams and
equations.
Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics. I can assure you mine
are still greater.
Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in
school.
Everything that can be counted does not necessarily count; everything that
counts cannot necessarily be counted.
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre
minds.
He who joyfully marches to music in rank and file has already earned my
contempt. He has been given a large brain by mistake, since for him the
spinal cord would suffice.
I live in that solitude which is painful in youth, but delicious in the
years of maturity.
People think my friend George is weird because he wears sideburns...behind his
ears. I think he's weird because he wears false teeth...with braces on them.
I came home the other night and tried to open the door with my car keys...and
the building started up. So I took it out for a drive. A cop pulled me over
for speeding. He asked me where I live. I said, "Here."
I was playing poker the other night... with Tarot cards. I got a full house
and 4 people died.
My brother sent me a postcard the other day with this big satellite photo of
the entire earth on it. On the back it said: "Wish you were here".
You know that feeling when you're leaning back on a stool and it starts to tip
over? Well, that's how I feel all the time.
I'm making wine at home, but I make it out of raisins, so it'll be aged
automatically.
Sponges grow in the ocean. That kills me. I wonder how much deeper the ocean
would be, if that didn't happen.
I remember the day the candle shop burned down. Everyone just stood around
and sang, "Happy birthday."
Once I stayed in a hotel where the pool was on the 23rd floor. I couldn't
believe how deep it was.
There's a fine line between fishing and standing on the shore looking like
an idiot.
What's another word for, "thesaurus?"
Once I was walking through the woods, and I saw a rabbit standing in front
of a candle, making shadows of people on a tree. I said, "Don't be so
sarcastic."
I'm a peripheral visionary. I can see into the future, but just way off to
the side.
Small keyboards make for big mistakes. 
Poetry is just the evidence of life. If your life is burning well, poetry is
just the ash.
Children show scars like medals. Lovers use them as a secrets to reveal. A
scar is what happens when the word is made flesh.
I don't consider myself a pessimist. I think of a pessimist as someone who
is waiting for it to rain. And I feel soaked to the skin.
This is a broken world, and we live with broken hearts and broken lives,
but still that is no alibi for anything. On the contrary, you have to stand
up and say, "Hallelujah," under those circumstances.
A human is a system for converting dust billions of years ago into dust
billions of years from now via a roundabout process which involves checking
email a lot.
Among the many invectives I invent when people piss me off, this is my
current favorite: 'Fuck yer own throat, you piss-dribbling monkey dick!'
I'm hoping it catches on with you folks.
"Well, vegans, as you know, don't have eggs, meat, dairy, or senses of humor."
Holy water is often contaminated with bacteria and, as a result, I
hypothesize that Pasteur went to Hell, since, if he'd gone to heaven, all
the water would be clean."
It is ignoring the nuances of a complicated topic to grind your axe that
annoys me.
Anybody who thinks that homeopathy is appropriate therapy for anything but
thirst is ... unfit to care for patients.
There's a hell of a distance between wise-cracking and wit. Wit has truth in
it; wise-cracking is simply calisthenics with words.
If you have any young friends who aspire to become writers, the second
greatest favor you can do them is to present them with copies of The
Elements of Style. The first greatest, of course, is to shoot them now,
while theyre happy.
That would be a good thing for them to cut on my tombstone: Wherever she
went, including here, it was against her better judgment.
This is not a novel to be tossed aside lightly. It should be thrown with
great force.
All those writers who write about their own childhood! Gentle God, if I
wrote about mine you wouldn't sit in the same room with me.
Sometimes, a grand adventure begins when you lick the evil. Joe Pizzirusso
"Girls are complicated. The instruction manual that comes with girls is 800
pages, with chapters 14, 19, 26 and 32 missing, and it's badly translated,
hard to figure out."
There is no material safety data sheet for astatine. If there were, it would
just be the word "NO" scrawled over and over in charred blood.
Telling a child that everyone dies is the hardest thing about being a party
clown.
Last night, I told my kid that the night light only makes it easier for
the monsters to find her.
Okay, let's stand up and be counted: who has been writing diamond graph code? Mine's 60 lines.
Bug, undocumented behaviour, feature? I don't know. It all seems to work in 1.6.0, so everyone should downgrade now... :)
I'm always thrilled when people discover what lexical scoping really means.
My institution has a particularly diabolical policy on intellectual property, especially on software.
If you imagine that this pen is Trellis, then Lattice is not this pen.
It is good to look around at what is available, but one shouldn't miss what is under one's nose either.
What we have is nice, but we need something very different.
Readable, obvious, maintainable, 'portable' for some value of 'portable'...
'They' did write documentation that told you that Perl was needed, but 'they' can't read it for you.
Overall, SAS is about 11 years behind R and S-Plus in statistical capabilities (last year it was about 10 years behind) in my estimation.
I want a budget.
You can be maximally lazy, but still be efficient.
Andrew Thomas: ...and if something goes wrong here it is probably not WinBUGS since that has been running for more than 10 years...<x>Peter Green (from the back): ... and it still hasn't converged!
This is all documented in TFM. Those who WTFM don't want to have to WTFM again on the mailing list. RTFM.
It really is hard to anticipate just how silly users can be.
So apparently you wish to report as a bug the fact that R 1.8.0 is different from R 1.4.0.
I plan to fix this - the report is just in case I forget or get hit by a bus.
Thomas W. Blackwell: I just discovered to my surprise that I cannot define a function with an argument named 'break' or 'while'!<x>Brian D. Ripley: No, they are reserved names. [...] Most programming languages have reserved words, so I am surprised you are surprised.
R has changed quite a lot recently, and older preconceptions do need to be checked against current information.
I seem to recall that we were targetting 512k Macintoshes. In our dreams we might have seen 16Mb Sun.
When a Certain Guru rips strips off people (God knows he's done it to me often enough) on this list, there's a damned good reason for it.
Ah, so that's why my report of a bug in the RCheapViagra package didn't get through....
Henrik Bengtsson: Is there a way to turn off the (annoying) beep that occurs when one calls the locator() command and clicks the mouse? [...]<x>Brian D. Ripley: It's a feature of the windows() device. Windows is fond of beeping, and I just mute the sound.
Brian D. Ripley: Add to package utils in R-devel, after correction. I was surprised you had fallen into the 1:0 trap.<x>Patrick Burns: I'm surprised too -- good catch.
As to whether you can do a Lilliefors test for several groups, that depends entirely on your ability to understand what the underlying question would be (see Adams D 1979).
Jim Gustafsson: I would like to put my SAS-code into R. Could I do that, if yes, how?<x>Frank Harrell: Just reverse the procedure you use when you put R code into SAS. ;)
Is this English or American (you know, the language referred to in the USA as 'English')? [...] As an English English speaker, my sense and my employer's dictionary both suggest doubling here.
As Brian says, there's nothing in the design that lets you do this, but then since you have the source there's nothing on the planet to stop you doing this. The design is not a law :)
I have mentioned several times on this list that I'm in the process of developing a new and wonderful implementation of lme and I would prefer to continue working on that rather than modifying old-style code.
Ivo Welch: Thanks. I will put in a suggestion that the docs refer to q() in 'see also' for 'stop'.<x>Brian D. Ripley: I don't think anyone else is confusing 'exit' with 'stop', though. I hope you don't when driving ....
The keyboard is the standard Italian layout, which is missing the ~ (tilde) key. [...] Can anyone advice how to produce the ~ symbol, short of a copy/paste from MS Word?
I think that it's generally a good idea not to resist the most natural way of programming in R.
Sorting is a wonderful topic! Especially because you can discuss different fundamental ideas like brute force, divide and conquer, and questions of efficiency, tradeoffs of space and time, etc.
Bret Collier: I hope this is not a uniformed question, but I am a little lost.<x>Peter Dalgaard: Don't worry, they all look alike... ;-)
I was actually reading it with some curiosity as to how they managed to find 5 locations that were close to everyone on R-help...
My preference goes with the numbering scheme attributed to a tribe on some island in the Pacific which consists of a 'factor' with four levels: 'one', 'two', 'three', and 'lots'. Hence, I'd go with 'lots of R users'.
The Huli of Papua New Guinea use '15' to mean a very large number and '15 times 15 samting (something)' to mean something close to infinity.
It seems to me against the spirit of Open Source software to attempt to monitor distribution. We could ask R to 'call home' on first use (in the way e.g. pine does) but I suspect many users would find that objectionable.
Maybe you should contact Microsoft, and get them to modify their tools so they work on the R sources?
Seldom are prizes, credit, and gratitude given, else Brian would be drowning in them.
Release 1.0.0<x>(silence)<x>Wow! Thank you! [...] If I am allowed to ask just one question today: How do you fit 48 hours of coding in an ordinary day? Any hints will be appreciated ... :-)
If you give people a linear model function you give them something dangerous.
To paraphrase provocatively, 'machine learning is statistics minus any checking of models and assumptions'.
Can one be a good data analyst without being a half-good programmer? The short answer to that is, 'No.' The long answer to that is, 'No.'
For the S system, which has forever altered the way people analyze, visualize, and manipulate data .... S is an elegant, widely accepted, and enduring software system, with conceptual integrity, thanks to the insight, taste, and effort of John Chambers.
Some of us feel that type III sum of squares and so-called ls-means are statistical nonsense which should have been left in SAS.
SAS seems to be to statistical computing what Microsoft is to personal computing.
Zhu Wang: I am trying to create a library which uses some Fortran source files [...]<x>Douglas Bates: Someone named Martin Maechler will shortly be sending you email regarding the distinction between 'library' and 'package' :-)
Let's not kid ourselves: the most widely used piece of software for statistics is Excel.
John Miller: How do I prevent google search to post my questions asked here??<x>Martin Maechler: you don't: R-help is famous and celebrity can't be gotten rid off ;-)
I use R. My company benefits from it. My clients benefit from it.<x>...and I sleep just fine (when I do sleep)... :-)
Please bear with a poor newbee, who might be doing everything backwards (I was brought up in pure math).
However, if you want to do this at all efficiently for a data frame, start with my solution not Uwe's [...]
/* some real insanity to keep Duncan sane */
Soon, they'll be speaking R on the subway.
Ted Harding: But you can also do these with 'any' and 'all', e.g. any(v==TRUE).<x>Thomas Lumley: or any( (v==TRUE)==TRUE), or any( ((v==TRUE)==TRUE)==TRUE)... Or, perhaps, any(v). Lewis Carroll wrote a nice piece on this theme.
So good advice here is: Beware of good advice about this. (Of course, I may just be an outlier ...)
So it ***do not refuse*** to read the data. I do not expect some dwarf climbs out from your computer and says he will not read your data. Or is he?<x>?read.table gives you more details about how to read some data.
These road distances seem to be very non-Euclidean indeed (even non-metric). It seems to be 2282km from Athens to Milan if you go directly, but if you go via Rome it is only 1403km. I thought that World is non-Euclidean, but not that obviously.
Eric Lecoutre: I don't want to die being idiot...<x>Peter Dalgaard: With age, most of us come to realise that that is the only possible outcome.
Firstly, don't call your matrix 'matrix'. Would you call your dog 'dog'? Anyway, it might clash with the function 'matrix'.
R is the lingua franca of statistical research. Work in all other languages should be discouraged.
Tony Plate: It is the prerogative of the members of R-core to decide whether to spend their time on improving documentation or improving the functionality (or merely having a life).<x>Patrick Burns: I thought we had agreed that members of R-core are not allowed lives.
Obviously I have not tested on an Alphabc...tuvwxyz system but it should work there.
There are companies whose yearly license fees to SAS total millions of dollars. Then those companies hire armies of SAS programmers to program an archaic macro language using old statistical methods to produce ugly tables and the worst graphics in the statistical software world.
I believe functions should do what they say on the box (and the help page), and not what some user hopes they might do by mind-reading.
Getting flamed for asking dumb questions on a public mailing list is all part of growing up and being a man/woman.
You may have not been long enough on this list to see that some of the old-time gurus have reached a demigod like status. Demigods have all rights to be 'rude' (that's almost a definition of a demi-deity).
Suggesting a Usenet newsgroup is a generation thing. I think some of the younger users would prefer a Wiki or a Forum (these are words I've seen, but I wouldn't visit places like this, talking about my g-g-generation).
Robin Hankin: I'd say that without a tool like R you cannot learn statistics.<x>David Whiting: I believe Fisher and a few others managed to get by without it.<x>Peter Dalgaard: But think how far they could have got with R!
If you don't go with R now, you will someday.
I have never heard anyone (knowledgable or otherwise) claim that, in the absence of transition costs, SAS is better than R for equity modeling. If you come across any such claim, I would be happy to refute it.
Will Frank Harrell or someone else please explain to me a real application in which this is not fast enough?
Achim Zeileis: Other visualizations of departures from indepence include mosaicplots with shading or association plots. See mosaicplot() and assocplot() and the package vcd.<x>Peter Dalgaard: I see that you've taken initive to abbriate statiscal concepts...
Also, that's what Martin Maechler told me and he wrote the code so I trust him on that. I figure that if you have to trust someone to be meticulous and precise then a German-speaking Swiss is a good choice.
Well, if I had written that, it would have been on purpose ...
I'm not sure I'd trust any computer recommendation from 1976, no matter how famous the authors are.
Marc R. Feldesman: I'm trying to figure out what could have possibly changed [...] that make Brian Ripley's posts (in particular) not show up on my mail server [...]<x>Peter Dalgaard: Did you remember to turn off the Oxford-sarcasm filter?
Jesus and the rest of the R-help community: Thanks for your help.
If the answer is parse() you should usually rethink the question.
Just now I had an apparently insurmountable problem that's been bugging me for days, but phrasing my question in a form suitable for the R-help list enabled me to solve my own problem in two minutes flat.<x>Thanks everyone.
Actually, I see it as part of my job to inflict R on people who are perfectly happy to have never heard of it. Happiness doesn't equal proficient and efficient. In some cases the proficiency of a person serves a greater good than their momentary happiness.
Evelyn Hall: I would like to know how (if) I can extract some of the information from the summary of my nlme.<x>Simon Blomberg: This is R. There is no if. Only how.
Tradition among experienced S programmers has always been that loops (typically 'for' loops) are intrinsically inefficient: expressing computations without loops has provided a measure of entry into the inner circle of S programming.
You can't expect statistical procedures to rescue you from poor data.
I think we can reject the null hypothesis of "Dirk can type" at all convential significance levels.
The problem, as always, is what the heck does one mean by 'outlier' in these contexts. Seems to be like pornography -- "I know it when I see it."
[...] (damn... my shift key just broke as well...)<x>bill venables.
It is a mistake to assume that everything is known about even the common approximations used in statistical practice, and this area is still opening up.
As for elegance, R is refined, tasteful, and beautiful. When I grow up, I want to marry R.
Rene M. Raupp: Does anybody know any work comparing R with other (charged) statistical software (like Minitab, SPSS, SAS)? [...] I have to show it's as good as the others.<x>Kjetil Brinchmann Halvorsen: Sorry. That will be difficult. Couldn't it do to prove it is better?
You're overlooking something like line 800 of the documentation for xyplot. [...] It's probably in the R-FAQ as well, since my original feeling was that this behaviour was chosen in order to confuse people and see how many people read the FAQ... :)
I suggest that we redefine "+" to be a legal character in the name of an identifier. Sure, if you used to have "a+b" you'll have to rewrite it as "+(a,b)", but think of the benefits! You+can+write+out+long+sentences+and+use+them+as+variable+names!
Oops. Was that what I was expecting?
Well, 'do as we say, not do as we do' applies, I think.
See pages 45 and 46 of V&R's S PROGRAMMING for a definitive discussion of how to do this.<x>(Confession: I treat anything that V&R say as definitive).
A big computer, a complex algorithm and a long time does not equal science.
Uwe Ligges: I just told nonsense, stepclass() does not make sense with randomForest(), obviously ... (wonder why nobody shouted?).<x>Douglas Bates: Oh, we're just so used to you talking nonsense that we don't bother to point it out any more :-)
The fact that some people murder doesn't mean we should copy them. And murdering data, though not as serious, should also be avoided.
The learning curve is steep - but then like many people, I'd like to be able to do sophisticated modelling with deep understanding and no effort :-)
Excellent, Berwin!<x>Specifically the part about why the bug never really triggers wrong behavior. Your mail should be saved in 'The Annals of R' ...
You say yourself it wasn't reproducible. So it could have been anything that "crashed" your R, cosmic radiation, a bolt of lightning reversing a bit in your computer memory, ... :-)
It was simple, but you know, it's always simple when you've done it.
If you aren't sure of the relative priority of two operators, use parentheses. 1:(nr-1) would work regardless of whether : or - had higher priority. Or, in extreme cases, read the documentation.
It is wrong to blame ANY tool for our own shortcomings!
Jason Horn: Can anyone think of a way to create a pretty() sequence that excludes zero? Or a way to remove the zero from a sequence after using pretty()?<x>Peter Dalgaard: The former is rather hard because zero is generally considered just about the prettiest number around...
Does anyone know someone working in this area in France who is not a JARP (Just Another R Person)?
Contrary to popular belief the speed of R's interpreter is rarely the limiting factor to R's speed. People treating R like C is typically the limiting factor. You have vector operations, USE THEM.
Mathematical conventions are just that, conventions. They differ by field of mathematics. Don't ask us why matrix rows are numbered down but graphs are numbered up the y axis, nor why x comes before y but row before column. But the matrix layout has always seemed illogical to me.
And the fear of getting Ripleyed on the mailing list also makes me think, read, and improve before submitting half baked questions to the list.
Ole F. Christensen: Brain, Thank you very much for your help.<x>Peter Dalgaard: You seem to be using call-by-value semantics rather than call-by-name...
Thomas Lumley: The precedence of ^ is higher than that of unary minus. It may be surprising, [...]<x>Herve Pages: No, it's not surprising. At least to me... In the country where I grew up, I've been teached that -x^2 means -(x^2) not (-x)^2.
The wiki spamming is a serious problem, [...]. What does a logfile with IPs help? The spammers are strangers selling viagra. I don't want to find them :-)
Any doubts about R's big-league status should be put to rest, now that we have a Sudoku Puzzle Solver. Take that, SAS!
Lastly, by what we could call the 'Liaw-Baron principle', every question that can be asked has in fact already been asked.
It's not a question of trying variations, rather of following instructions.
Please do think hard before you tell other people what they 'should' do for you.
It might surprise many R-help posters, but R has manuals as well...
Michael Watson: Hopefully this one isn't in the manual or I am about to get shot :-S<x>Peter Dalgaard: *Kapow*...
My solution when I run into mysteries like this is to put 'browser()' in the function just before or after the line of interest. The magnitude and direction of my stupidity usually become clear quickly.
Similarly to Brian, I'm much more reluctant to help people who don't exist -- who knows, maybe you're a computer program who has just passed the Turing test :-)
(3 times...rrrrgh...) and why do you think the mailing list is called R-*packages* ???????????<x>Please do<x>  for(i in 1:20) cat("It's a package!\n")
If we do that, I predict that the total amount of r-help time wasted on it will exceed the CPU time saved by orders of magnitude.
This has been discussed before in this list, and Ripley said "no, no!". I do it all the time, but only in secrecy.
2-D pie charts are terrible. That makes 3-D pie charts terrible to the 3/2 power.
Yourexamplesmightactuallybereadableifyouusedyourspacebar.
It seems that you are facing a very serious fortune(122) problem.
Duncan Murdoch: Others need to run under ESS.<x>Francois Pinard: While this is a good things for Emacs lovers, the requirement is rather unwelcome for pagans! :-)
Statistical computing is not easy, so how could R be? Who has ever claimed it is? Any package that makes statistical computing appear to be easy is probably giving you wrong answers half the time, or is extremely limited in scope.
It is unusual for the actual data not to be available in real problems.
Warning: Although abusing R was not proved to be addictive, it should be noted that it often leads to harder stuff.
I wish <<- had never been invented, as it makes an esoteric and dangerous feature of the language *seem* normal and reasonable. If you want to dumb down R/S into a macro language, this is the operator for you.
You need to prepare your students for the future, not the past.
Have you ever wanted to write a book, but not known where to start? Now is a very good time to jump in, because there is currently a very simple recipe for success: just put R in the title and you will have to beat the publishers off with a stick!
This is at best a matter of opinion, and credentials do matter for opinions.
If you want to do an integer divide, you should only use integers to divide with.
Personally I have never regretted trying not to underestimate my own future stupidity.
Brian Ripley: Where did you tell it [...]? (Nowhere: R is lacking a mind_read() function!)<x>Peter Dalgaard: Please stop complaining about missing features. Patches will be considered.<x><x>Oh, it's you, Brian. Never mind then. You'll get to it, I'm sure. ;-)
Just [use] MinGW like R [does], following the guides to the letter gets you there like marked stones across a marsh. Leaving the path usually gets you at best neck deep in the mire, alternatively just bubbles.
I don't like to see the use of c() for its side effects. In this case Marc's as.vector seems to me to be self-explanatory, and that is a virtue in programming that is too often undervalued.
I cannot remember if I have been using 14 or 14, I think it was 14 and I am not near the machine to check.
Corinna Schmitt: How can I divide the number 0.285 with 2. I need a function.<x>  Result: 0.285 / 2 = 0.1425<x>Gabor Csardi: Well, i think<x>  half.of.0.285 <- function() {<x>    0.1425<x>  }<x>would do the trick.
Perhaps one is the real forge and the other is a forgery? Or a forge-R-y? I'll get my coat...
It is all too easy for statistical thinking to be swamped by programming tasks.
R is being used for different purposes than the original interactive EDA environment.
RAM is cheap and thinking hurts.
All this becomes even more glaring if you take the unusal step of plotting the data.
What sort of editor would overlook this clear and demonstrable message leaping out from the data in favour of some arcane argument about "types of sums of squares"? Several answers come to mind: A power freak, a SAS afficianado, an idiot.
If you really want to assess uncertainty you need to take into account that the models are false and that several models may capture different aspects of the data and so be false in different ways.
If anything, there should be a Law: Thou Shalt Not Even Think Of Producing A Graph That Looks Like Anything From A Spreadsheet.
Friends don't let friends use Excel for statistics!
Anand Patil: Can this be fixed without requiring the user to do anything?<x>Brian D. Ripley: The fix requires 'the user' to read the documentation.
Bad English is the language of science.
3-D bar plots are an abomination. Just because Excel can do them doesn't mean you should.<x>(Dismount pulpit).
Apparently mathematical impossibility is not an impediment to parameter estimation in such cases.
memory problems (not me. my pc!)
Gustaf Rydevik: The author also has some thought-provoking opinions on R being no-good and that you should write everything in C.<x>Paul Gilbert: People used to say assembler, that's progress.
I strongly suggest you collaborate with a local statistician. I can think of no circumstance where multiple regression on "hundreds of thousands of variables" is anything more than a fancy random number generator.
In many cases a) often looks difficult, but on closer inspection turns out to be impossible.
Basically R is reluctant to let you shoot yourself in the foot unless you are really determined to do so.
R may be the wrong tool for the job, but it's the wrong job.
Kenn Konstabel: [...] There's more to this trend: SPSS and Statistica now advertise "R language support": [...]<x>Charles C. Berry: If you can't beat R, join R.<x>Marc Schwartz: "Resistance is futile. You will be assimilated." 
As for the question of the bug in `is', ... it depends what your definition of `is' is.
I still don't know what to do about the compromise between how statistics should be done and how journal editors seem to insist it should be done ...
Nothing exceeds like Excel.
Cross posting is sociopathic.
Some people familiar with R describe it as a supercharged version of Microsoft's Excel spreadsheet software.
I think [R] addresses a niche market for high-end data analysts that want free, readily available code. [...] We have customers who build engines for aircraft. I am happy they are not using freeware when I get on a jet.
It's interesting that SAS Institute feels that non-peer-reviewed software with hidden implementations of analytic methods that cannot be reproduced by others should be trusted when building aircraft engines.
This sounds like you have discovered homeopathic properties in Sweave! It will be serious if input files remember errors even after they have been removed.
One of the beauties of S and R is the syntax closeness to mathematical notation. Many of us know that Lisp has beauties that S can never have, but that's really in different beauty-space.
R is Open Source and so you can modify it to emulate the bugs in other software: that is not one of the aims of its developers so please don't expect us to do so for you.
The combination of some data and an aching desire for an answer does not ensure that a reasonable answer can be extracted from a given body of data.
I must say I feel very uneasy about giving advice on how to use R as a pre-processor for something that is to be done in Excel, but we are a broad church here!
No matter how much progress is made by the developers of screen readers somehow PDF remains less than accessible. It's a bit like a failed relationship in which one partner tries to win the other back with expensive gifts.
As the name says, studentizing is left as an easy student exercise. Destudentizing is more difficult and usually called professorizing.
Hmm. I don't ever use R-squared, so I didn't implement it.
Trellis graphics are a bit like hash functions: you can be close to the target, but get a far-off result.
The only people who should use the assign function are those who fully understand why you should never use the assign function.
4 bits are not enough for me!
Yes we CRAN!
Dear Uwe, thank you very much for your unvaluable time and effort.
If I were to be treated by a cure created by stepwise regression, I would prefer voodoo.
If one doesn't understand the output of lm(), then one's knowledge of statistics is insufficient to warrant using lm().
If 'fools rush in where angels fear to tread', then Bayesians 'jump' in where frequentists fear to 'step'.
You are going to need a few more sessions for this therapy to be useful, we cannot read your computer's mind, just interpret what you tell us. I don't want to jump ahead, but can you tell us the childhood of your crashes, etc.
It currently works (because I can't figure out how to make it an error) but you really should not do it.
There's an informal tradition that those announcements [about R releases] contain at least one mistake, but apparently I forgot this time, so users have to make up their own....
It appears to me that you do not understand even basic statistics. As a corollary to that impression I would suggest that giving you advice about the use of R for scientific investigation could be morally similar to giving you advice about how to do your own household wiring.
In general, it's much easier to create output from a R object than create an R object from output.
As Obi-Wan Kenobi may have said in Star Wars: "Use the source, Luke!"
Finally, a word of wisdom from a long-ago engineering colleague: "Whenever I see an outlier, I'm never sure whether to throw it away or patent it."
As one of the developers of the nls function I would like to state that the lack of automatic ANOVA, R^2 and adj. R^2 from nls is a feature, not a bug :-)
My best advice regarding R^2 statistics with nonlinear models is, as Nancy Reagan suggested, "Just say no.".
The widespread use of spreadsheets or SPSS data sets or SAS data sets which encourage the "single table with a gargantuan number of columns, most of which are missing data in most cases" approach to organization of longitudinal data is regrettable.
R is a complex program. If you can't work out how to find the documentation, I doubt you will be able to use R.
If your ultimate interest is in real scientific progress, I'd suggest that you ignore that sentence (and any conclusion drawn subsequent to it).
I begin to think that R needs a _mis_fortunes package...
Only with a very high signal to noise ratio (e.g., high true R^2) can torturing data lead to a confession to something other than what the analyst wants to hear.
If you don't want informative help files, it's really not much work to make uninformative ones.
Soham: How to compute the p-value of a statistic generally?<x>Berton Gunter: runif(1)
Karl Ove Hufthammer: Why not use 'predict.loess' (i.e., 'predict' on a loess object) directly?<x>Greg Snow: Because that would be simple, straightforward, and make sense, and not require knowledge about less obvious functions.
There are actual error messages, and until you show them, we can not help as the mind reading machine is currently off for repairs.
Knut Krueger: Is there any function available to combine those p values?<x>Stephan Kolassa: ?"+"
datayoda: Bing is my friend...I found the cumsum() function.<x>Dirk Eddelbuettel: If bing is your friend, then rseek.org is bound to be your uncle.
This is one of those cases, in my opinion, where R's documentation drops you into a flat landscape, in the middle of nowhere, in a thick mist.
I used a heuristic... pulled from my posterior. That makes it Bayesian, right?
If you can do with[out a] Makefile, do without a Makefile.
This reminds me of a famous FORTRAN code snippet:<x><x>10 STOP<x>STOP<x>STOP<x>! IN CASE STILL SKIDDING<x>GOTO 10<x>
There is a reason that the speedometer in your car doesn't just read "slow" and "fast".
The style for JSS now enforces (via Achimitization) the use of quotes.
Although there is almost never a "No" in R, the best short answer is: "No".
Tested solutions offered when reproducible examples are provided.
The good way to do it is to include the following comment at the beginning:<x># This is a holy Script, please edit it not
Sorry, but this is the R-help list.  The 'R Spam' list is over at /dev/null.
You might also consider a more informative subject line. "Help needed" is true for all questions (not answers) on R-help. Just think, why is this list called R-***help***?
I think this is kind of like asking "will your Land Rover make it up my driveway?", but I'll assume the question was asked in all seriousness.
Joshua Wiley: ... the advantages of formal classes seem worth at least not entirely dismissing.<x>Jim Lemon: Hmmm, yeah, that's about the grammatical equivalent of S4 classes.
For recursive objects, search for recursive objects.
Most people pay infinitely more to Microsoft for Windows than they pay to R Core for R. I hope that's also the ratio of their complaints to Microsoft about this bug to their complaints to us about R.
The trouble with nonstandard evaluation is that it doesn't follow standard evaluation rules...
Well..... SAS is SAS, but R is FREE...
It is becoming apparent that you do not know how to use the results from either system. The progress of science would be safer if you get some advice from a person that knows what they are doing.
For quite a while, bug-for-bug compatibility with S-PLUS v 3.x was considered important to allow people to port their packages between systems.
Thank your for your entry in the Poorly Capitalized and Inadequately Searched Posting Contest. You will be advised of your ranking in due course.
Don't do as I say, do as Hadley does.
R is wonderful, but it cannot work magic.
If we told you all of R's secrets, we'd have to kill you.
I know barely more than zero about R: until yesterday I didn't know how to spell it.
As with many tools in this domain, for effective use they require more knowledge than many of their users possess, and can be dangerous because they seem to "work".
Unfortunately, this is one of those situations where as far as I can tell all of the real statisticians are out there playing with large data sets where the small-sample corrections are not so important and leaving the rest of us to figure it out for ourselves...
David Winsemius: Any of your staff can view the (open) source code just as any other member of the human race.<x>Uwe Ligges: I do not think the GPL excludes other species...
I think the amount of people on this list who understand your question is roughly zero.
It's not meant for sampling weights. It's meant for precision weights. How best to include sampling weights in mixed models is a research problem at the moment, but you can rely on getting the wrong answer if you just use the weights= argument.
Perhaps same thing that will happen when those monks finish the Towers of Hanoi?<x>2 * 3^198<x>[1] 5.902533e+94
Dirk Eddelbuettel: Devel is in the detail.<x>Douglas Bates: Typo or profound insight?
There seem to be three canons: R-Forge, Rforge, and for the Followers of Wickham, github. Four, if you count OmegaHat.
The problem here is that the $ notation is a magical shortcut and like any other magic if used incorrectly is likely to do the programmatic equivalent of turning yourself into a toad.
That's a casual model, not a causal model - you can tell the difference by looking for the word "excel".
Careful now, or I'll get into a rant about how much you pay for ArcGIS and whether you are getting value for money if bugs become 'well-known'! Bugs in R tend to be either 'obscure' or 'fixed' :)
Igor Sosa Mayor: The problem is that it gives the result that I want.<x>Sarah Goslee: That's a new sort of problem.
R is a strange, deeply flawed language that nevertheless has an enthusiastic and rapidly growing user base. What about R accounts for its popularity in its niche? What can language designers learn from R's success?
Finally, as author of the code used to put CG in optim, I'll advise against its use. One of my least successful pieces of code. Rcgmin is better, but you really do need analytic derivatives to make it sing. For 5 parameters, use NM, or better the nmk from dfoptim package.
Some OSX users know that OSX is really Unix [...], others think that OSX is cooler Windows, and they have ontological problems with non-Apple phenomena and constructs.
As long as R stayed in Ross and Robert's computer lab, R could be perfectly clean and beautiful. [...]<x>The moral of the story is that if you want to create a beautiful language, for god's sake don't make it useful.
If you think you can learn all of R, you are wrong. For the foreseeable future you will not even be able to keep up with the new additions.
I think, therefore I R.
I wish there was a better way for me to learn this stuff than constantly being wrong in public.
The computational ease with which an abundance of parameters can be estimated should not be allowed to obscure the probable unwisdom of such estimation from limited data.
I thought RStudio was amazing, but RStudio with knitr is approximately `formatC(round(runif(1, 1e8, 1e9)), digits=10, big.mark=',')` times better than RStudio alone!
Awkwardly worded questions will get much better answers if they are accompanied by some test data.
This should be FAQ 0.0. No other thing is asked as frequently as this. This is the FAQest of all FAQs, and a mother of all FAQs.
I've already got an apartment reserved for me in one of Pat Burns's "R Inferno" levels, and I don't want to descend even further.
Running as administrator is like heroin... any problems it solves it replaces with worse problems.
I think the rule is that you can do anything as long as you don't complain. If you want to complain, you must follow the instructions.
I think that the formula language does allow expressions with '/' to represent nested factors but I can't check right now as there is a fire in the building where my office is located. I prefer to simply write nested factors as factor1 + factor1:factor2.
Bandwidth selection is an unresolved (and possibly unsolvable) problem in smoothing, so you're perfectly justified in trying/choosing an arbitrary value if it produces good pictures!
Rickyfox: Dang it how could I have missed this? Thx for the answer, I feel incredibly stupid now.<x>Juba: Never underestimate the power of R to make you feel stupid.
If things are not readily available in R it is always good to pause and reflect if there might be a good reason.
Sooner or later most R beginners are bitten by this all too convenient shortcut. As an R newbie, think of R as your bank account: overuse of $-extraction can lead to undesirable consequences. It's best to acquire the '[[' and '[' habit early.
Most optimization problems have more than one answer, and the "wrong" ones often seem to be easier to find.
In that flash of darkness he heard people saying - he was a failure - that R was beyond him.
This is a bit like asking how should I tweak my sailboat so I can explore the ocean floor.
Justin: Is there a function that just does whatever I'm thinking (aka whatever my homework question is...)?<x>Joshua Ulrich: That's the magic_pony function.
The job of computer output, in my view, is to be as informative as possible while keeping the output as terse as possible.
But a spatial benchmark suite would be nice anyway.<x>I've just benchmarked my time and I have 0s to do this.
John Fox: I've never understood why it's legal to change the built-in global "constants" in R, including T and F. That just seems to me to set a trap for users. Why not treat these as reserved symbols, like TRUE, Inf, etc.?<x>Rolf Turner: I rather enjoy being able to set pi <- 3.
I have it on good authority that a few of the statements in Bolker (2008) are out of date or slightly incorrect :-) .
Well, the biggest room in the world is the room for improvement :)
I'm still confused about how to avoid the wrath of the CRAN-devel daemon, whose appetite for new morsels of developer flesh seems ever increasing and makes keeping even a stable package up-to-date a moving target.
Maybe I'll become a theoretician. Nobody expects you to maintain a theorem.
Bert Gunter: However, I do not understand the substitute(...()) idiom. Would you care to explain it? (No is an acceptable answer!).<x>Bill Dunlap: I don't completely understand it either, I treat it as an idiom. I saw it on this list once.
The existence of a method is not a sufficient reason to use that method.
I would heed the warnings and diagnostics. They are there for a reason. The Ostrich algorithm does not help you.
Either I am misunderstanding your intent or you need another cup of coffee.
You seem to be falling prey to a common misconception that "R" is some monolithic tool, when in fact it is a herd of cats.
Basically, you are calling .Internal from the command line. It is not designed to be called from there and only wizards know what happens if it is. (The set of wizards who might know whether it makes any sense at all does not include me!)
When in doubt, keep adding slashes until it works.
.RData files (the ones with nothing before the period) are just traps for your future self, with no documentation. I avoid them like the plague.
hist(rnorm(1e6), col = colors()[grep("grey", colors())], nclass = 108, main = "R's 108 Shades of Grey")
In real life, be very careful before denigrating a child to its mother or father... so calling a something a bug in R which is none, is evoking feelings among R's parents... ;-)
Welcome to the wonderful world of heterogeneity (tau^2) estimators in meta-analysis. The question of which estimator to choose never fails to provide fun and entertainment for the entire family and I predict that it will do so for generations to come. Please quote me on that!
The urge to imitate other statistical packages that rely on profusion of dummies should be resisted. R repression functions can handle factor variables.
It will be included in the next version of devtools - it's totally do-able, but no one has done it yet.
Ooops, that was answering the question you actually asked. The one you meant to ask is answered by this part:<x>The sort order for character vectors will depend on the collating sequence of the locale in use: see Comparison.
Note that there is a reasonable discussion in Writing R Extensions, but as always, you have to find it first.
They're just statistics. How could it hurt to look at them?
I prefer _Melodramatic Analysis_.
Teach a man to fish, and he'll use StackOverflow for a day. Give him a fish, and he'll use StackOverflow for a lifetime of free fish.
You should try things; R won't break.
Please don't apply R like a magic answers box, because you can mislead others and cause harm.
Your example requires all choices of 1541 out of 3000, which I would expect to take somewhere near age-of-the-universe seconds to compute. The code uses a clever nested computation due to Gail et al which will cut that time down to infinity/10.
Performance tweaks are more often bug sources than fixes.
This is like asking, "My car doesn't work. Can anyone tell me what is wrong?"
If we put in a function into rstan that dropped chains, people would use it.
You should emulate your heroes, but don't carry it too far.  Especially
"You know, of course, that the Tasmanians, who never committed adultery, are
now extinct."
"If it ain't broke, don't fix it."
"The one charm of marriage is that it makes a life of deception a necessity."
"God is a comedian playing to an audience too afraid to laugh."
"IBM uses what I like to call the 'hole-in-the-ground technique'
to destroy the competition..... IBM digs a big HOLE in the
ground and covers it with leaves. It then puts a big POT
OF GOLD nearby. Then it gives the call, 'Hey, look at all
this gold, get over here fast.' As soon as the competitor
approaches the pot, he falls into the pit"
"There are things that are so serious that you can only joke about them"
"It takes all sorts of in & out-door schooling to get adapted
to my kind of fooling"
"Confound these ancestors.... They've stolen our best ideas!"
therewith.
[Ezek. 4:12-15 (KJV)]
I have stripped off my dress; must I put it on again?  I have washed my feet;
must I soil them again?
When my beloved slipped his hand through the latch-hole, my bowels stirred
within me [my bowels were moved for him (KJV)].
When I arose to open for my beloved, my hands dripped with myrrh; the liquid
myrrh from my fingers ran over the knobs of the bolt.  With my own hands I
opened to my love, but my love had turned away and gone by; my heart sank when
he turned his back.  I sought him but I did not find him, I called him but he
did not answer.
The watchmen, going the rounds of the city, met me; they struck me and
[Song of Solomon 5:3-7 (NEB)]
How beautiful are thy feet with shoes, O prince's daughter! the joints of thy
thighs are like jewels, the work of the hands of a cunning workman.  Thy navel
is like a round goblet, which wanteth not liquor:  thy belly is like an heap
of wheat set about with lilies.
Thy two breasts are like two young roses that are twins.
[Song of Solomon 7:1-3 (KJV)]
How beautiful, how entrancing you are, my loved one, daughter of delights!
You are stately as a palm-tree, and your breasts are the clusters of dates.
I said, "I will climb up into the palm to grasp its fronds."  May I find your
breast like clusters of grapes on the vine, the scent of your breath like
apricots, and your whispers like spiced wine flowing smoothly to welcome my
caresses, gliding down through lips and teeth.
[Song of Solomon 7:6-9 (NEB)]
[Song of Solomon 8:6 (NEB)]
But Rabshakeh said unto them, Hath my master sent me to thy master, and to
thee, to speak these words?  Hath he not sent me to the men which sit on the
wall, that they may eat their own dung, and drink their own piss with you?
[2 Kings 18:27 (KJV)]
them.  You're to make no compromise with them or show them any mercy.
In the beginning, I was made.  I didn't ask to be made.  No one consulted
with me or considered my feelings in this matter.  But if it brought some
passing fancy to some lowly humans as they haphazardly pranced their way
through life's mournful jungle, then so be it.
- Marvin the Paranoid Android, From Douglas Adams' Hitchiker's Guide to the
Galaxy Radio Scripts
You will be successful in your work.
That's the thing about people who think they hate computers.  What they
Wherever you go...There you are.
anyone.  Eventually I stumbled across two colonels, a major, three captains,
two lieutenants, and one rifleman, and we secured the bridge.  Never in the
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do
nothing.
The computer can't tell you the emotional story.  It can give you the exact
The main thing is the play itself.  I swear that greed for money has nothing
There are two ways of constructing a software design.  One way is to make
cruise missiles, early warning systems, anti-ballistic missile defense
systems.  The next rocket to go astray as a result of a programming language
It may be a nuclear warhead exploding over one of our cities.  An unreliable
Without coffee he could not work, or at least he could not have worked in the
way he did.  In addition to paper and pens, he took with him everywhere as an
indispensable article of equipment the coffee machine, which was no less
important to him than his table or his white robe.
"It was the Law of the Sea, they said.	Civilization ends at the waterline.
Beyond that, we all enter the food chain, and not always right at the top."
today been elaborated, it has proved to be useless as a design tool --
"airplane-seat" metaphor.  Anyone who has shuffled a lap full of papers while
seated between two portly passengers will recognize the difference -- one can
the products of one or a few designing minds, great designers.  Consider Unix,
...computer hardware progress is so fast.  No other technology since
construct because no two parts are alike.  If they are, we make the two
similar parts into a subroutine -- open or closed.  In this respect, software
They have very large numbers of states.  This makes conceiving, describing,
and testing them hard.  Software systems have orders-of-magnitude more states
God is not capricious or arbitrary.  No such faith comforts the software
and solutions we can imagine is very close.  For this reason restricting
Hoping to goodness is not theologically sound. - Peanuts
Police up your spare rounds and frags.  Don't leave nothin' for the dinks.
"All my life I wanted to be someone; I guess I should have been more
specific."
"Any medium powerful enough to extend man's reach is powerful enough to topple
his world.  To get the medium's magic to work for one's aims rather than
against them is to attain literacy."
"Computer literacy is a contact with the activity of computing deep enough to
As in all the arts, a romance with the material must be well under way.  If
personal and societal growth, should any less effort be spent to make
computing a part of our lives?"
"The greatest warriors are the ones who fight for peace."
"No matter where you go, there you are..."
Trespassers will be shot.  Survivors will be prosecuted.
Trespassers will be shot.  Survivors will be SHOT AGAIN!
"I'm growing older, but not up."
Scientists will study your brain to learn more about your distant cousin, Man.
"I hate the itching.  But I don't mind the swelling."
-- new buzz phrase, like "Where's the Beef?" that David Letterman's trying
Your own mileage may vary.
"Oh dear, I think you'll find reality's on the blink again."
"Send lawyers, guns and money..."
"I go on working for the same reason a hen goes on laying eggs."
"Remember, Information is not knowledge; Knowledge is not Wisdom;
Love is not music; Music is the best." -- Frank Zappa
I can't drive 55.
"And they told us, what they wanted...
"In the face of entropy and nothingness, you kind of have to pretend it's not
there if you want to keep writing good code."  -- Karl Lehenbauer
Badges?  We don't need no stinking badges.
I'm looking forward to not being able to drive 65, either.
Thank God a million billion times you live in Texas.
"Can you program?"  "Well, I'm literate, if that's what you mean!"
No user-servicable parts inside.  Refer to qualified service personnel.
contradictory attitudes -- an openness to new ideas, no matter how bizarre
of all ideas, old and new.  This is how deep truths are winnowed from deep
nonsense.  Of course, scientists make mistakes in trying to understand the
world, but there is a built-in error-correcting mechanism:  The collective
One of the saddest lessons of history is this:  If we've been bamboozled
long enough, we tend to reject any evidence of the bamboozle.  We're no
longer interested in finding out the truth.  The bamboozle has captured
us.  it is simply too painful to acknowledge -- even to ourselves -- that
we've been so credulous.  (So the old bamboozles tend to persist as the
Regarding astral projection, Woody Allen once wrote, "This is not a bad way
to travel, although there is usually a half-hour wait for luggage."
pseudoscience.  Pseudoscientists retain their beliefs and ignore or distort
contradictory evidence rather than modify or reject a flawed theory.  Because
bamboozle requires intelligence, vigilance, dedication and courage.  But if we
don't practice these tough habits of thought, we cannot hope to solve the
truly serious problems that face us -- and we risk becoming a nation of
suckers, up for grabs by the next charlatan who comes along.
bearing hot new versions of their pieces -- faster, smaller, more complete,
or putatively less buggy.  The replacement of a working component by a new
version of the integrated system as a test bed for debugging its piece.  Their
work will be set back by having that test bed change under them.  Of course it
must.  But the changes need to be quantized.  Then each user has periods of
productive stability, interrupted by bursts of test-bed change.  This seems
It is a very humbling experience to make a multimillion-dollar mistake, but it
is also very memorable.  I vividly recall the night we decided how to organize
the actual writing of external specifications for OS/360.  The manager of
architecture, the manager of control program implementation, and I were
threshing out the plan, schedule, and division of responsibilities.
The architecture manager had 10 good men.  He asserted that they could write
the specifications and do it right.  It would take ten months, three more
than the schedule allowed.
The control program manager had 150 men.  He asserted that they could prepare
the specifications, with the architecture team coordinating; it would be
well-done and practical, and he could do it on schedule.  Furthermore, if
the architecture team did it, his 150 men would sit twiddling their thumbs
for ten months.
To this the architecture manager responded that if I gave the control program
team the responsibility, the result would not in fact be on time, but would
also be three months late, and of much lower quality.  I did, and it was.  He
was right on both counts.  Moreover, the lack of conceptual integrity made
the system far more costly to build and change, and I would estimate that it
added a year to debugging time.
The reason ESP, for example, is not considered a viable topic in contemoprary
psychology is simply that its investigation has not proven fruitful...After
more than 70 years of study, there still does not exist one example of an ESP
phenomenon that is replicable under controlled conditions.  This simple but
basic scientific criterion has not been met despite dozens of studies
conducted over many decades...It is for this reason alone that the topic is
now of little interest to psychology...In short, there is no demonstrated
phenomenon that needs explanation.
Natural selection won't matter soon, not anywhere as much as conscious
selection.  We will civilize and alter ourselves to suit our ideas of what we
can be.  Within one more human lifespan, we will have changed ourselves
"Jesus may love you, but I think you're garbage wrapped in skin."
...though his invention worked superbly -- his theory was a crock of sewage
from beginning to end. -- Vernor Vinge, "The Peace War"
"It's like deja vu all over again."   -- Yogi Berra
"Where shall I begin, please your Majesty?" he asked.  "Begin at the
beginning," the King said, gravely, "and go on till you come to the end: then
stop."
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, Lewis Carroll
To be awake is to be alive.  -- Henry David Thoreau, in "Walden"
never sure.   Proverb
Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, in "The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes"
unless there be two.  -- Seneca
Nothing ever becomes real till it is experienced -- even a proverb is no
proverb to you till your life has illustrated it.  -- John Keats
of space and time.  -- Samuel Taylor Coleridge
Nothing in progression can rest on its original plan.  We may as well think of
rocking a grown man in the cradle of an infant.  -- Edmund Burke
For every problem there is one solution which is simple, neat, and wrong.
Don't tell me how hard you work.  Tell me how much you get done.
a rivalry of aim.  -- Henry Brook Adams
Remember thee
Ay, thou poor ghost while memory holds a seat
In this distracted globe.  Remember thee!
Yea, from the table of my memory
I'll wipe away all trivial fond records,
All saws of books, all forms, all pressures past,
That youth and observation copied there.
Hamlet, I : v : 95   William Shakespeare
Obviously, a man's judgement cannot be better than the information on which he
has based it.  Give him the truth and he may still go wrong when he has
distorted and incomplete data, with ignorant, sloppy or biased reporting, with
propaganda and deliberate falsehoods, and you destroy his whole reasoning
processes, and make him something less than a man.
based on excellence of performance.  -- James Bryant Conant
You can observe a lot just by watching.  -- Yogi Berra
If the presence of electricity can be made visible in any part of a circuit, I
see no reason why intelligence may not be transmitted instantaneously by
electricity.  -- Samuel F. B. Morse
"Mr. Watson, come here, I want you."   -- Alexander Graham Bell
knowledge of its ugly side.  -- James Baldwin
Small is beautiful.
Suppose for a moment that the automobile industry had developed at the same
rate as computers and over the same period:  how much cheaper and more
efficient would the current models be?  If you have not already heard the
analogy, the answer is shattering.  Today you would be able to buy a
Rolls-Royce for $2.75, it would do three million miles to the gallon, and it
would deliver enough power to drive the Queen Elizabeth II.  And if you were
interested in miniaturization, you could place half a dozen of them on a
pinhead.
Get hold of portable property.  -- Charles Dickens, "Great Expectations"
Overall, the philosophy is to attack the availability problem from two
complementary directions:  to reduce the number of software errors through
rigorous testing of running systems, and to reduce the effect of the
remaining errors by providing for recovery from them.  An interesting footnote
to this design is that now a system failure can usually be considered to be
the result of two program errors:  the first, in the program that started the
problem; the second, in the recovery routine that could not protect the
system.  -- A. L. Scherr, "Functional Structure of IBM Virtual Storage
Operating
Systems, Part II: OS/VS-2 Concepts and Philosophies," IBM Systems Journal,
Vol. 12, No. 4, 1973, pp. 382-400
I have sacrificed time, health, and fortune, in the desire to complete these
Calculating Engines.  I have also declined several offers of great personal
advantage to myself.  But, notwithstanding the sacrifice of these advantages
for the purpose of maturing an engine of almost intellectual power, and after
expending from my own private fortune a larger sum than the government of
England has spent on that machine, the execution of which it only commenced,
I have received neither an acknowledgement of my labors, not even the offer
of those honors or rewards which are allowed to fall within the reach of men
who devote themselves to purely scientific investigations...
If the work upon which I have bestowed so much time and thought were a mere
triumph over mechanical difficulties, or simply curious, or if the execution
of such engines were of doubtful practicability or utility, some justification
might be found for the course which has been taken; but I venture to assert
that no mathematician who has a reputation to lose will ever publicly express
an opinion that such a machine would be useless if made, and that no man
distinguished as a civil engineer will venture to declare the construction of
such machinery impracticable...
And at a period when the progress of physical science is obstructed by that
exhausting intellectual and manual labor, indispensable for its advancement,
which it is the object of the Analytical Engine to relieve, I think the
application of machinery in aid of the most complicated and abtruse
calculations can no longer be deemed unworthy of the attention of the country.
In fact, there is no reason why mental as well as bodily labor should not
be economized by the aid of machinery.
How many hardware guys does it take to change a light bulb?
"Well the diagnostics say it's fine buddy, so it's a software problem."
"Don't try to outweird me, three-eyes.  I get stranger things than you free
with my breakfast cereal."
Uncompensated overtime?  Just Say No.
Decaffeinated coffee?  Just Say No.
"Show business is just like high school, except you get paid."
"This isn't brain surgery; it's just television."
"Morality is one thing.  Ratings are everything."
"...if the church put in half the time on covetousness that it does on lust,
Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend.  Inside of a dog, it is too
"Probably the best operating system in the world is the [operating system]
"All these black people are screwing up my democracy." - Ian Smith
When I left you, I was but the learner. Now, I am the master.
"Well, well, well!  Well if it isn't fat stinking billy goat Billy Boy in
poison!  How art thou, thou globby bottle of cheap stinking chip oil?  Come
and get one in the yarbles, if ya have any yarble, ya eunuch jelly thou!"
"There was nothing I hated more than to see a filthy old drunkie, a howling
a filthy old orchestra in his stinking rotten guts.  I could never stand to
see anyone like that, especially when they were old like this one was."
186,000 Miles per Second.  It's not just a good idea.  IT'S THE LAW.
Gee, Toto, I don't think we're in Kansas anymore.
Children begin by loving their parents.  After a time they judge them.  Rarely,
Single tasking: Just Say No.
"Catch a wave and you're sitting on top of the world."
"Bond reflected that good Americans were fine people and that most of them
seemed to come from Texas."
"I think trash is the most important manifestation of culture we have in my
lifetime."
By one count there are some 700 scientists with respectable academic credentials
(out of a total of 480,000 U.S. earth and life scientists) who give credence
to creation-science, the general theory that complex life forms did not evolve
but appeared "abruptly."
the long run.  I cannot help saying that Americans lack this necessary
Life.  Don't talk to me about life.
The world is coming to an end--save your buffers!
How many QA engineers does it take to screw in a light bulb?
3: 1 to screw it in and 2 to say "I told you so" when it doesn't work.
How many NASA managers does it take to screw in a light bulb?
"That's a known problem... don't worry about it."
People are very flexible and learn to adjust to strange
surroundings -- they can become accustomed to read Lisp and
Fortran programs, for example.
"I am your density."
"So why don't you make like a tree, and get outta here."
"Falling in love makes smoking pot all day look like the ultimate in restraint."
"I may kid around about drugs, but really, I take them seriously."
Operating-system software is the program that orchestrates all the basic
functions of a computer.
I pledge allegiance to the flag
of the United States of America
and to the republic for which it stands,
one nation,
indivisible,
with liberty
and justice for all.
ears.  I think he's weird because he wears false teeth...with braces on them.
You can't have everything... where would you put it?
I was playing poker the other night... with Tarot cards. I got a full house and
4 people died.
over?  Well, that's how I feel all the time.
the building started up.  So I took it out for a drive.  A cop pulled me over
for speeding.  He asked me where I live... "Right here".
"Live or die, I'll make a million."
There are bugs and then there are bugs.  And then there are bugs.
My computer can beat up your computer.
Kill Ugly Processor Architectures
Kill Ugly Radio
"Just Say No."   - Nancy Reagan
"No."            - Ronald Reagan
I believe that part of what propels science is the thirst for wonder.  It's a
very powerful emotion.  All children feel it.  In a first grade classroom
everybody feels it; in a twelfth grade classroom almost nobody feels it, or
at least acknowledges it.  Something happens between first and twelfth grade,
and it's not just puberty.  Not only do the schools and the media not teach
much skepticism, there is also little encouragement of this stirring sense
of wonder.  Science and pseudoscience both arouse that feeling.  Poor
popularizations of science establish an ecological niche for pseudoscience.
If science were explained to the average person in a way that is accessible
and exciting, there would be no room for pseudoscience.  But there is a kind
of Gresham's Law by which in popular culture the bad science drives out the
good.  And for this I think we have to blame, first, the scientific community
ourselves for not doing a better job of popularizing science, and second, the
media, which are in this respect almost uniformly dreadful.  Every newspaper
in America has a daily astrology column.  How many have even a weekly
astronomy column?  And I believe it is also the fault of the educational
system.  We do not teach how to think.  This is a very serious failure that
may even, in a world rigged with 60,000 nuclear weapons, compromise the human
future.
"I maintain there is much more wonder in science than in pseudoscience.  And
I'm often asked the question, "Do you think there is extraterrestrial intelli-
gence?"  I give the standard arguments -- there are a lot of places out there,
and use the word *billions*, and so on.  And then I say it would be astonishing
to me if there weren't extraterrestrial intelligence, but of course there is as
yet no compelling evidence for it.  And then I'm asked, "Yeah, but what do you
really think?"  I say, "I just told you what I really think."  "Yeah, but
what's your gut feeling?"  But I try not to think with my gut.  Really, it's
okay to reserve judgment until the evidence is in.
Repel them.  Repel them.  Induce them to relinquish the spheroid.
primitive peoples and races speak in hymns, or through the powerful approach
of spring, penetrating with joy all of nature, that those Dionysian stirrings
arise, which in their intensification lead the individual to forget himself
completely. . . .Not only does the bond between man and man come to be forged
once again by the magic of the Dionysian rite, but alienated, hostile, or
subjugated nature again celebrates her reconciliation with her prodigal son,
man.
The characteristic property of hallucinogens, to suspend the boundaries between
the experiencing self and the outer world in an ecstatic, emotional experience,
makes it possible with their help, and after suitable internal and external
perparation...to evoke a mystical experience according to plan, so to speak...
I see the true importance of LSD in the possibility of providing material aid
to meditation aimed at the mystical experience of a deeper, comprehensive
reality.  Such a use accords entirely with the essence and working character
of LSD as a sacred drug.
I share the belief of many of my contemporaries that the spiritual crisis
pervading all spheres of Western industrial society can be remedied only
by a change in our world view.  We shall have to shift from the materialistic,
dualistic belief that people and their environment are separate, toward a
new consciousness of an all-encompassing reality, which embraces the
experiencing ego, a reality in which people feel their oneness with animate
nature and all of creation.
Deliberate provocation of mystical experience, particularly by LSD and related
hallucinogens, in contrast to spontaneous visionary experiences, entails
dangers that must not be underestimated.  Practitioners must take into
account the peculiar effects of these substances, namely their ability to
influence our consciousness, the innermost essence of our being.  The history
of LSD to date amply demonstrates the catastrophic consequences that can
ensue when its profound effect is misjudged and the substance is mistaken
for a pleasure drug.  Special internal and external advance preparations
are required; with them, an LSD experiment can become a meaningful
experience.
I believe that if people would learn to use LSD's vision-inducing capability
more wisely, under suitable conditions, in medical practice and in conjuction
with meditation, then in the future this problem child could become a wonder
child.
core error - bus dumped
"Come on over here, baby, I want to do a thing with you."
"Ahead warp factor 1"
the Gubru and the rapidly turning Earth ship.
vapor!  A civilized race could not have found such a trick in the Library!
A civilized race could not have stooped so low!  A civilized race would not
have..."
...Another writer again agreed with all my generalities, but said that as an
inveterate skeptic I have closed my mind to the truth.  Most notably I have
ignored the evidence for an Earth that is six thousand years old.  Well, I
haven't ignored it; I considered the purported evidence and *then* rejected it.
There is a difference, and this is a difference, we might say, between
prejudice and postjudice.  Prejudice is making a judgment before you have
looked at the facts.  Postjudice is making a judgment afterwards.  Prejudice
is terrible, in the sense that you commit injustices and you make serious
mistakes.  Postjudice is not terrible.  You can't be perfect of course; you
may make mistakes also.  But it is permissible to make a judgment after you
have examined the evidence.  In some circles it is even encouraged.
America has been discovered before, but it has always been hushed up.
Unix:  Some say the learning curve is steep, but you only have to climb it once.
Behind all the political rhetoric being hurled at us from abroad, we are
bringing home one unassailable fact -- [terrorism is] a crime by any civilized
standard, committed against innocent people, away from the scene of political
conflict, and must be dealt with as a crime. . . .
of dealing with it. . . .
the right to expect around the world, and with that cooperation let us shrink
the dark and dank areas of sanctuary until these cowardly marauders are held
to answer as criminals in an open and public trial for the crimes they have
committed, and receive the punishment they so richly deserve.
"Of all the tyrannies that affect mankind, tyranny in religion is the worst."
"I say we take off; nuke the site from orbit.  It's the only way to be sure."
"There is nothing so deadly as not to hold up to people the opportunity to
do great and wonderful things, if we wish to stimulate them in an active way."
"...proper attention to Earthly needs of the poor, the depressed and the
awareness of the great goals for Man and the society he conspired to erect."
"Athens built the Acropolis.  Corinth was a commercial city, interested in
purely materialistic things.  Today we admire Athens, visit it, preserve the
old temples, yet we hardly ever set foot in Corinth."
"Largely because it is so tangible and exciting a program and as such will
adventure and achievement to the society at large."
The challenge of space exploration and particularly of landing men on the moon
represents the greatest challenge which has ever faced the human race.  Even
if there were no clear scientific or other arguments for proceeding with this
task, the whole history of our civilization would still impel men toward the
goal.  In fact, the assembly of the scientific and military with these human
arguments creates such an overwhelming case that in can be ignored only by
those who are blind to the teachings of history, or who wish to suspend the
development of civilization at its moment of greatest opportunity and drama.
The idea of man leaving this earth and flying to another celestial body and
landing there and stepping out and walking over that body has a fascination
and a driving force that can get the country to a level of energy, ambition,
and will that I do not see in any other undertaking.  I think if we are
honest with ourselves, we must admit that we needed that impetus extremely
strongly.  I sincerely believe that the space program, with its manned
landing on the moon, if wisely executed, will become the spearhead for a
broad front of courageous and energetic activities in all the fields of
endeavour of the human mind - activities which could not be carried out
except in a mental climate of ambition and confidence which such a spearhead
can give.
Human society - man in a group - rises out of its lethargy to new levels of
productivity only under the stimulus of deeply inspiring and commonly
appreciated goals.  A lethargic world serves no cause well; a spirited world
working diligently toward earnestly desired goals provides the means and
the strength toward which many ends can be satisfied...to unparalleled
social accomplishment.
The vigor of civilized societies is preserved by the widespread sense that high
aims are worth-while.  Vigorous societies harbor a certain extravagance of
objectives, so that men wander beyond the safe provision of personal
gratifications.  All strong interests easily become impersonal, the love of
a good job well done.  There is a sense of harmony about such an accomplishment,
the Peace brought by something worth-while.
Life's the same, except for the shoes.
Purple hum
Assorted cars
Laser lights, you bring
All to prove
You're on the move
and vanishing
Could be you're crossing the fine line
A silly driver kind of...off the wall
You keep it cool when it's t-t-tight
...eyes wide open when you start to fall.
Adapt.  Enjoy.  Survive.
And the crowd was stilled.  One elderly man, wondering at the sudden silence,
turned to the Child and asked him to repeat what he had said.  Wide-eyed,
clothes!  He is naked!"
"Those who believe in astrology are living in houses with foundations of
Silly Putty."
To date, the firm conclusions of Project Blue Book are:
without an element of despair even in their consolation, believe only
in the God idea, not God Himself.
Doubt is a pain too lonely to know that faith is his twin brother.
If only God would give me some clear sign!  Like making a large deposit
I cannot affirm God if I fail to affirm man.  Therefore, I affirm both.
Without a belief in human unity I am hungry and incomplete.  Human unity
is the fulfillment of diversity.  It is the harmony of opposites.  It is
...difference of opinion is advantageious in religion.  The several sects
perform the office of a common censor morum over each other.  Is uniformity
attainable?  Millions of innocent men, women, and children, since the
Life is a process, not a principle, a mystery to be lived, not a problem to
be solved.
And do you not think that each of you women is an Eve?  The judgement of God
upon your sex endures today; and with it invariably endures your position of
criminal at the bar of justice.
"Unibus timeout fatal trap program lost sorry"
How many surrealists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
One to hold the giraffe and one to fill the bathtub with brightly colored
power tools.
How many Bavarian Illuminati does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Three: one to screw it in, and one to confuse the issue.
How long does it take a DEC field service engineer to change a light bulb?
It depends on how many bad ones he brought with him.
nor by any Church that I know of.  My own mind is my own Church.
the generation of Minerva in the brain of Jupiter.  But we may hope that the
Let us, then, fellow citizens, unite with one heart and one mind.  Let us
liberty and even life itself are but dreary things.  And let us reflect
mankind so long bled, we have yet gained little if we counternance a
The divinity of Jesus is made a convenient cover for absurdity.  Nowhere
The Bible is not my Book and Christianity is not my religion.  I could
never give assent to the long complicated statements of Christian dogma.
gotten the hostages released.  I thank God they were satisfied with the
I believe in an America where the separation of church and state is absolute --
where no Catholic prelate would tell the president (should he be Catholic)
how to act, and no Protestant minister would tell his parishioners for whom
to vote--where no church or church school is granted any public funds or
political preference--and where no man is denied public office merely
because his religion differs from the president who might appoint him or the
people who might elect him.
at rational thinking.  Not by accident does Genesis 3 make the father of
knowledge a serpent -- slimy, sneaking and abominable.  Since the earliest
effort to liberate the body and mind of man.  It has been, at all times and
laws, bad social theories, bad institutions.  It was, for centuries, an
The notion that science does not concern itself with first causes -- that it
leaves the field to theology or metaphysics, and confines itself to mere
effects -- this notion has no support in the plain facts.  If it could,
science would explain the origin of life on earth at once--and there is
To argue that gaps in knowledge which will confront the seeker must be filled,
not by patient inquiry, but by intuition or revelation, is simply to give
ignorance a gratuitous and preposterous dignity....
The evidence of the emotions, save in cases where it has strong objective
support, is really no evidence at all, for every recognizable emotion has
its opposite, and if one points one way then another points the other way.
Thus the familiar argument that there is an instinctive desire for immortality,
and that this desire proves it to be a fact, becomes puerile when it is
recalled that there is also a powerful and widespread fear of annihilation,
and that this fear, on the same principle proves that there is nothing
beyond the grave.  Such childish "proofs" are typically theological, and
they remain theological even when they are adduced by men who like to
flatter themselves by believing that they are scientific gents....
discovered in the laboratory, and man may set up business as a creator
on his own account.  The thing, indeed, is not only conceivable; it is
even highly probable.
"If you'll excuse me a minute, I'm going to have a cup of coffee."
I'm sick of being trodden on!  The Elder Gods say they can make me a man!
All it costs is my soul!  I'll do it, cuz NOW I'M MAD!!!
From the man's shape, Krat could tell it was a female, probably their leader.
upspring of errant masters.  We slip away from all your armed might, laughing
at your clumsiness!  We slip away as we always will, you pathetic creatures.
And now that we have a real head start, you'll never catch us!  What better
proof that the Progenitors favor not you, but us!  What better proof..."
the artistry of it.  These men are better than I'd thought.  Their insults
are wordy and overblown, but they have talent.  They deserve honorable, slow
deaths.
"I'm a mean green mother from outer space"
Like my parents, I have never been a regular church member or churchgoer.
It doesn't seem plausible to me that there is the kind of God who
watches over human affairs, listens to prayers, and tries to guide
people to follow His precepts -- there is just too much misery and
cruelty for that.  On the other hand, I respect and envy the people
who get inspiration from their religions.
Being schizophrenic is better than living alone.
NOWPRINT. NOWPRINT. Clemclone, back to the shadows again.
...this is an awesome sight.  The entire rebel resistance buried under six
I know engineers.  They love to change things.
"You know why there are so few sophisticated computer terrorists in the United
States?  Because your hackers have so much mobility into the establishment.
Here, there is no such mobility.  If you have the slightest bit of intellectual
integrity you cannot support the government.... That's why the best computer
minds belong to the opposition."
"Every Solidarity center had piles and piles of paper .... everyone was
eating paper and a policeman was at the door.  Now all you have to do is
bend a disk."
Clothes make the man.  Naked people have little or no influence on society.
I think that all right-thinking people in this country are sick and
tired of being told that ordinary decent people are fed up in this
country with being sick and tired.  I'm certainly not.  But I'm
sick and tired of being told that I am.
"There is no statute of limitations on stupidity."
Nothing ever becomes real until it is experienced.
Your good nature will bring you unbounded happiness.
"Our journey toward the stars has progressed swiftly.
In 1926 Robert H. Goddard launched the first liquid-propelled rocket,
achieving an altitude of 41 feet.  In 1962 John Glenn orbited the earth.
In 1969, only 66 years after Orville Wright flew two feet off the ground
for 12 seconds, Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin and I rocketed to the moon
in Apollo 11."
Most people exhibit what political scientists call "the conservatism of the
peasantry."  Don't lose what you've got.  Don't change.  Don't take a chance,
because you might end up starving to death.  Play it safe.  Buy just as much
as you need.  Don't waste time.
When  we think about risk, human beings and corporations realize in their
heads that risks are necessary to grow, to survive.  But when it comes down
to keeping good people when the crunch comes, or investing money in
something untried, only the brave reach deep into their pockets and play
the game as it must be played.
"We can't schedule an orgy, it might be construed as fighting"
--Stanley Sutton
Weekends were made for programming.
"Once he had one leg in the White House and the nation trembled under his
roars.  Now he is a tinpot pope in the Coca-Cola belt and a brother to the
the railroad yards."
This was the ultimate form of ostentation among technology freaks -- to have
and tears.  ... It is the same thing which makes us mad or delirious, inspires
Modern psychology takes completely for granted that behavior and neural function
are perfectly correlated, that one is completely caused by the other.  There is
no separate soul or lifeforce to stick a finger into the brain now and then and
make neural cells do what they would not otherwise.  Actually, of course, this
is a working assumption only....It is quite conceivable that someday the
assumption will have to be rejected.  But it is important also to see that we
have not reached that day yet: the working assumption is a necessary one and
there is no real evidence opposed to it.  Our failure to solve a problem so
far does not make it insoluble.  One cannot logically be a determinist in
physics and biology, and a mystic in psychology.
the person making the claim, not the critic.  It is not the responsibility
or colored lights never healed anyone.  The skeptic's role is to point out
"Ada is the work of an architect, not a computer scientist."
Extraordinary claims demand extraordinary proof.  There are many examples of
outsiders who eventually overthrew entrenched scientific orthodoxies, but
they prevailed with irrefutable data.  More often, egregious findings that
contradict well-established research turn out to be artifacts.  I have
argued that accepting psychic powers, reincarnation, "cosmic consciousness,"
and the like, would entail fundamental revisions of the foundations of
neuroscience.  Before abandoning materialist theories of mind that have paid
handsome dividends, we should insist on better evidence for psi phenomena
than presently exists, especially when neurology and psychology themselves
offer more plausible alternatives.
Evolution is as much a fact as the earth turning on its axis and going around
the sun.  At one time this was called the Copernican theory; but, when
evidence for a theory becomes so overwhelming that no informed person
can doubt it, it is customary for scientists to call it a fact.  That all
present life descended from earlier forms, over vast stretches of geologic
time, is as firmly established as Copernican cosmology.  Biologists differ
only with respect to theories about how the process operates.
...It is sad to find him belaboring the science community for its united
opposition to ignorant creationists who want teachers and textbooks to
give equal time to crank arguments that have advanced not a step beyond
the flyblown rhetoric of Bishop Wilberforce and William Jennings Bryan.
... The book is worth attention for only two reasons:  (1) it attacks
Now I lay me down to sleep
I hear the sirens in the street
All my dreams are made of chrome
I have no way to get back home
I am here by the will of the people and I won't leave until I get my raincoat
back.
How many nuclear engineers does it take to change a light bulb ?
Seven:  One to install the new bulb, and six to determine what to do
Mike's Law:
For a lumber company employing two men and a cut-off saw, the
marginal product of labor for any number of additional workers
equals zero until the acquisition of another cut-off saw.
Let's not even consider a chainsaw.
[You could always schedule the saw, though - ed.]
As long as we're going to reinvent the wheel again, we might as well try making
it round this time.
This conjunction of an immense military establishment and a large arms
industry is now in the American experience... We must not fail to
comprehend its grave implications... We must guard against the
acquisition of unwarranted influence...by the military-industrial
complex.  The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power
exists and will persist.
This restaurant was advertising breakfast any time. So I ordered
french toast in the renaissance.
Everyone has a purpose in life.  Perhaps yours is watching television.
A lot of the stuff I do is so minimal, and it's designed to be minimal.
The smallness of it is what's attractive.  It's weird, 'cause it's so
intellectually lame.  It's hard to see me doing that for the rest of
my life.  But at the same time, it's what I do best.
e-credibility: the non-guaranteeable likelihood that the electronic data
you're seeing is genuine rather than somebody's made-up crap.
Whenever people agree with me, I always think I must be wrong.
The more a man is imbued with the ordered regularity of all events, the firmer
becomes his conviction that there is no room left by the side of this ordered
regularity for causes of a different nature.  For him neither the rule of
human nor the rule of divine will exists as an independent cause of natural
events.  To be sure, the doctrine of a personal God interfering with natural
events could never be refuted, in the real sense, by science, for this
doctrine can always take refuge in those domains in which scientific knowledge
has not yet been able to set foot.
But I am persuaded that such behavior on the part of the representatives
of religion would not only be unworthy but also fatal.  For a doctrine which
is able to maintain itself not in clear light, but only in the dark, will
of necessity lose its effect on mankind, with incalculable harm to human
progress.  In their struggle for the ethical good, teachers of religion
must have the stature to give up the doctrine of a personal God, that is,
give up that source of fear and hope which in the past placed such vast
powers in the hands of priests.  In their labors they will have to avail
themselves of those forces which are capable of cultivating the Good, the
True, and the Beautiful in humanity itself.  This is, to be sure, a more
difficult but an incomparably more worthy task.
Most non-Catholics know that the Catholic schools are rendering a greater
service to our nation than the public schools in which subversive textbooks
have been used, in which Communist-minded teachers have taught, and from
whose classrooms Christ and even God Himself are barred.
Truth has always been found to promote the best interests of mankind...
Why, when no honest man will deny in private that every ultimate problem is
wrapped in the profoundest mystery, do honest men proclaim in pulpits
that unhesitating certainty is the duty of the most foolish and ignorant?
Is it not a spectacle to make the angels laugh?  We are a company of
ignorant beings, feeling our way through mists and darkness, learning only
be incessantly repeated blunders, obtaining a glimmering of truth by
falling into every conceivable error, dimly discerning light enough for
our daily needs, but hopelessly differing whenever we attempt to describe
the ultimate origin or end of our paths; and yet, when one of us ventures
to declare that we don't know the map of the universe as well as the map
of our infinitesimal parish, he is hooted, reviled, and perhaps told that
he will be damned to all eternity for his faithlessness...
Till then we shall be content to admit openly, what you (religionists)
whisper under your breath or hide in technical jargon, that the ancient
secret is a secret still; that man knows nothing of the Infinite and
Absolute; and that, knowing nothing, he had better not be dogmatic about
his ignorance.  And, meanwhile, we will endeavour to be as charitable as
possible, and whilst you trumpet forth officially your contempt for our
skepticism, we will at least try to believe that you are imposed upon
by your own bluster.
What is tolerance? -- it is the consequence of humanity.  We are all formed
of frailty and error; let us pardon reciprocally each other's folly --
I simply try to aid in letting the light of historical truth into that
decaying mass of outworn thought which attaches the modern world to
medieval conceptions of Christianity, and which still lingers among us --
a most serious barrier to religion and morals, and a menace to the whole
normal evolution of society.
The man scarce lives who is not more credulous than he ought to be.... The
natural disposition is always to believe.  It is acquired wisdom and experience
only that teach incredulity, and they very seldom teach it enough.
socks, not my style at all, but that was what I was aiming for:  If they think
you're crude, go technical; if they think you're technical, go crude.  I'm a
very technical boy.  So I decided to get as crude as possible.  These days,
However, on religious issues there can be little or no compromise.
There is no position on which people are so immovable as their religious
beliefs.  There is no more powerful ally one can claim in a debate than
Jesus Christ, or God, or Allah, or whatever one calls this supreme being.
But like any powerful weapon, the use of God's name on one's behalf
should be used sparingly.  The religious factions that are growing
throughout our land are not using their religious clout with wisdom.
They are trying to force government leaders into following their position
100 percent.  If you disagree with these religious groups on a
particular moral issue, they complain, they threaten you with a loss of
money or votes or both.  I'm frankly sick and tired of the political
preachers across this country telling me as a citizen that if I want to be
a moral person, I must believe in "A," "B," "C," and "D."  Just who do
they think they are?  And from where do they presume to claim the
right to dictate their moral beliefs to me?  And I am even more angry as
a legislator who must endure the threats of every religious group who
thinks it has some God-granted right to control my vote on every roll
call in the Senate.  I am warning them today:  I will fight them every
step of the way if they try to dictate their moral convictions to all
Americans in the name of "conservatism."
"I think every good Christian ought to kick Falwell's ass."
...And no philosophy, sadly, has all the answers.  No matter how assured
we may be about certain aspects of our belief, there are always painful
inconsistencies, exceptions, and contradictions.  This is true in religion as
it is in politics, and is self-evident to all except fanatics and the naive.
As for the fanatics, whose number is legion in our own time, we might be
advised to leave them to heaven.  They will not, unfortunately, do us the
same courtesy.  They attack us and each other, and whatever their
protestations to peaceful intent, the bloody record of history makes clear
that they are easily disposed to resort to the sword.  My own belief in
God, then, is just that -- a matter of belief, not knowledge.  My respect
for Jesus Christ arises from the fact that He seems to have been the
most virtuous inhabitant of Planet Earth.  But even well-educated Christians
are frustrated in their thirst for certainty about the beloved figure
of Jesus because of the undeniable ambiguity of the scriptural record.
Such ambiguity is not apparent to children or fanatics, but every
recognized Bible scholar is perfectly aware of it.  Some Christians, alas,
resort to formal lying to obscure such reality.
We're fighting against humanism, we're fighting against liberalism...
we are fighting against all the systems of Satan that are destroying
our nation today...our battle is with Satan himself.
As I argued in "Beloved Son", a book about my son Brian and the subject
of religious communes and cults, one result of proper early instruction
in the methods of rational thought will be to make sudden mindless
conversions -- to anything -- less likely.  Brian now realizes this and
has, after eleven years, left the sect he was associated with.  The
problem is that once the untrained mind has made a formal commitment to
a religious philosophy -- and it does not matter whether that philosophy
is generally reasonable and high-minded or utterly bizarre and
irrational -- the powers of reason are surprisingly ineffective in
changing the believer's mind.
We may not be able to persuade Hindus that Jesus and not Vishnu should
govern their spiritual horizon, nor Moslems that Lord Buddha is at the
center of their spiritual universe, nor Hebrews that Mohammed is a major
prohpet, nor Christians that Shinto best expresses their spiritual
concerns, to say nothing of the fact that we may not be able to get
Christians to agree among themselves about their relationship to God.
But all will agree on a proposition that they possess profound spiritual
resources.  If, in addition, we can get them to accept the further
proposition that whatever form the Deity may have in their own theology,
the Deity is not only external, but internal and acts through them, and
they themselves give proof or disproof of the Deity in what they do and
think; if this further proposition can be accepted, then we come that
much closer to a truly religious situation on earth.
The Messiah will come.  There will be a resurrection of the dead -- all
the things that Jews believed in before they got so damn sophisticated.
If one inquires why the American tradition is so strong against any
connection of State and Church, why it dreads even the rudiments of
religious teaching in state-maintained schools, the immediate and
superficial answer is not far to seek....
The cause lay largely in the diversity and vitality of the various
denominations, each fairly sure that, with a fair field and no favor,
it could make its own way; and each animated by a jealous fear that,
if any connection of State and Church were permitted, some rival
denomination would get an unfair advantage.
Already the spirit of our schooling is permeated with the feeling that
every subject, every topic, every fact, every professed truth must be
submitted to a certain publicity and impartiality.  All proffered
samples of learning must go to the same assay-room and be subjected to
common tests.  It is the essence of all dogmatic faiths to hold that
any such "show-down" is sacrilegious and perverse.  The characteristic
of religion, from their point of view, is that it is intellectually
secret, not public; peculiarly revealed, not generally known;
authoritatively declared, not communicated and tested in ordinary
ways...It is pertinent to point out that, as long as religion is
conceived as it is now by the great majority of professed religionists,
there is something self-contradictory in speaking of education in
religion in the same sense in which we speak of education in topics
where the method of free inquiry has made its way.  The "religious"
would be the last to be willing that either the history of the
content of religion should be taught in this spirit; while those
to whom the scientific standpoint is not merely a technical device,
but is the embodiment of the integrity of mind, must protest against
its being taught in any other spirit.
In the broad and final sense all institutions are educational in the
sense that they operate to form the attitudes, dispositions, abilities
and disabilities that constitute a concrete personality...Whether this
educative process is carried on in a predominantly democratic or non-
democratic way becomes, therefore, a question of transcendent importance
not only for education itself but for its final effect upon all the
interests and activities of a society that is committed to the democratic
way of life.
periodically grows too large for its theoretical coverings, and bursts
them asunder to appear in new habiliments, as the feeding and growing
grub, at intervals, casts its too narrow skin and assumes another...
Truly the imago state of Man seems to be terribly distant, but every
moult is a step gained.
concern to be different, the African apes would be included in our
family, the Hominidae.
would see in our species -- which has tended to be cruel, destructive,
wasteful, and irrational -- the crown and apex of cosmic evolution.
Viewing us as the culmination of *anything* is grotesque; viewing us
as a transitional species makes more sense -- and gives us more hope.
"Well, you see, it's such a transitional creature.  It's a piss-poor
reptile and not very much of a bird."
"You need tender loving care once a week - so that I can slap you into shape."
"It may be that our role on this planet is not to worship God but to
"Why should we subsidize intellectual curiosity?"
"There is nothing new under the sun, but there are lots of old things
"Plan to throw one away.  You will anyway."
You need tender loving care once a week - so that I can slap you into shape.
The Middle East is certainly the nexus of turmoil for a long time to come --
with shifting players, but the same game: upheaval.  I think we will be
confronting militant Islam -- particularly fallout from the Iranian
revolution -- and religion will once more, as it has in our own more
distant past -- play a role at least as standard-bearer in death and mayhem.
...One thing is that, unlike any other Western democracy that I know of,
this country has operated since its beginnings with a basic distrust of
government.  We are constituted not for efficient operation of government,
but for minimizing the possibility of abuse of power.  It took the events
of the Roosevelt era -- a catastrophic economic collapse and a world war --
to introduce the strong central government that we now know.  But in most
parts of the country today, the reluctance to have government is still
strong.  I think, barring a series of catastrophic events, that we can
look to at least another decade during which many of the big problems
around this country will have to be addressed by institutions other than
federal government.
[the statist opinions expressed herein are not those of the cookie editor -ed.]
"I have just one word for you, my boy...plastics."
"There is such a fine line between genius and stupidity."
"If Diet Coke did not exist it would have been necessary to invent it."
I am approached with the most opposite opinions and advice, and by men who
are equally certain that they represent the divine will.  I am sure that
either the one or the other is mistaken in the belief, and perhaps in some
respects, both.
I hope it will not be irreverent of me to say that if it is probable that
God would reveal his will to others on a point so connected with my duty,
it might be supposed he would reveal it directly to me.
In space, no one can hear you fart.
Brain damage is all in your head.
Wish and hope succeed in discerning signs of paranormality where reason and
careful scientific procedure fail.
"It is better to have tried and failed than to have failed to try, but
the result's the same."
because good teachers understand exactly why it is false.  What could be
entire intellectual heritage -- good teaching -- than a bill forcing
"Regardless of the legal speed limit, your Buick must be operated at
speeds faster than 85 MPH (140kph)."
"Your attitude determines your attitude."
the most popular of all neuro-mythologies -- the notion that we ordinarily
"pop psychologists" and their many recycling self-improvement schemes.  As
deny it?  As a refuge for occultists seeking a neural basis of the miraculous,
Thufir's a Harkonnen now.
"By long-standing tradition, I take this opportunity to savage other
designers in the thin disguise of good, clean fun."
"If you want to eat hippopotamus, you've got to pay the freight."
Parkinson's Law:  Work expands to fill the time alloted it.
Karl's version of Parkinson's Law:  Work expands to exceed the time alloted it.
It is better to never have tried anything than to have tried something and
failed.
"Our journeys to the stars will be made on spaceships created by determined,
aboard flying saucers piloted by little gray aliens from some other dimension."
"...all the good computer designs are bootlegged; the formally planned products,
if they are built at all, are dogs!"
"To take a significant step forward, you must make a series of finite
improvements."
"We will bury you."
"Now here's something you're really going to like!"
"How to make a million dollars:  First, get a million dollars."
"Language shapes the way we think, and determines what we can think about."
The language provides a programmer with a set of conceptual tools; if these are
inadequate for the task, they will simply be ignored.  For example, seriously
restricting the concept of a pointer simply forces the programmer to use a
vector plus integer arithmetic to implement structures, pointer, etc.  Good
design and the absence of errors cannot be guaranteed by mere language
features.
"For the love of phlegm...a stupid wall of death rays.  How tacky can ya get?"
"Bureaucracy is the enemy of innovation."
"An organization dries up if you don't challenge it with growth."
"I've seen it.  It's rubbish."
Our business is run on trust.  We trust you will pay in advance.
"Infidels in all ages have battled for the rights of man, and have at all times
been the fearless advocates of liberty and justice."
The history of the rise of Christianity has everything to do with politics,
culture, and human frailties and nothing to do with supernatural manipulation
of events.  Had divine intervention been the guiding force, surely two
millennia after the birth of Jesus he would not have a world where there
are more Muslims than Catholics, more Hindus than Protestants, and more
nontheists than Catholics and Protestants combined.
I find you lack of faith in the forth dithturbing.
"All Bibles are man-made."
"Spock, did you see the looks on their faces?"
"Yes, Captain, a sort of vacant contentment."
"The triumph of libertarian anarchy is nearly (in historical terms) at
hand... *if* we can keep the Left from selling us into slavery and the
Right from blowing us up for, say, the next twenty years."
"Gravitation cannot be held responsible for people falling in love."
"I think Michael is like litmus paper - he's always trying to learn."
While it cannot be proved retrospectively that any experience of possession,
conversion, revelation, or divine ecstasy was merely an epileptic discharge,
we must ask how one differentiates "real transcendence" from neuropathies
that produce the same extreme realness, profundity, ineffability, and sense
of cosmic unity.  When accounts of sudden religious conversions in TLEs
[temporal-lobe epileptics] are laid alongside the epiphanous revelations of
the religious tradition, the parallels are striking.  The same is true of the
recent spate of alleged UFO abductees.  Parsimony alone argues against invoking
spirits, demons, or extraterrestrials when natural causes will suffice.
"A verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's printed on."
"We shall reach greater and greater platitudes of achievement."
"With molasses you catch flies, with vinegar you catch nobody."
"Lead us in a few words of silent prayer."
"I couldn't remember things until I took that Sam Carnegie course."
"Right now I feel that I've got my feet on the ground as far as my head
is concerned."
"Ninety percent of baseball is half mental."
Two things are certain about science.  It does not stand still for long,
and it is never boring.  Oh, among some poor souls, including even
intellectuals in fields of high scholarship, science is frequently
misperceived.  Many see it as only a body of facts, promulgated from
on high in must, unintelligible textbooks, a collection of unchanging
precepts defended with authoritarian vigor.  Others view it as nothing
but a cold, dry narrow, plodding, rule-bound process -- the scientific
method: hidebound, linear, and left brained.
These people are the victims of their own stereotypes.  They are
destined to view the world of science with a set of blinders.  They
know nothing of the tumult, cacophony, rambunctiousness, and
tendentiousness of the actual scientific process, let alone the
creativity, passion, and joy of discovery.  And they are likely to
know little of the continual procession of new insights and discoveries
that every day, in some way, change our view (if not theirs) of the
natural world.
"jackpot:  you may have an unnecessary change record"
"One lawyer can steal more than a hundred men with guns."
What's the difference between a computer salesman and a used car salesman?
A used car salesman knows when he's lying.
"Those who will be able to conquer software will be able to conquer the
world."
"There are some good people in it, but the orchestra as a whole is equivalent
to a gang bent on destruction."
"I believe the use of noise to make music will increase until we reach a
music produced through the aid of electrical instruments which will make
available for musical purposes any and all sounds that can be heard."
I did cancel one performance in Holland where they thought my music was so easy
that they didn't rehearse at all.  And so the first time when I found that out,
I rehearsed the orchestra myself in front of the audience of 3,000 people and
the next day I rehearsed through the second movement -- this was the piece
_Cheap Imitation_ -- and they then were ashamed.  The Dutch people were ashamed
and they invited me to come to the Holland festival and they promised to
rehearse.  And when I got to Amsterdam they had changed the orchestra, and
again, they hadn't rehearsed.  So they were no more prepared the second time
than they had been the first.  I gave them a lecture and told them to cancel
the performance; they then said over the radio that i had insisted on their
cancelling the performance because they were "insufficiently Zen."
Can you believe it?
"One day I woke up and discovered that I was in love with tripe."
"Most people would like to be delivered from
The rule on staying alive as a program manager is to give 'em a number or
give 'em a date, but never give 'em both at once.
An optimist believes we live in the best world possible;
a pessimist fears this is true.
"If John Madden steps outside on February 2, looks down, and doesn't see his
feet, we'll have 6 more weeks of Pro football."
Dead?	No excuse for laying off work.
Lead me not into temptation... I can find it myself.
"When people are least sure, they are often most dogmatic."
"Nature is very un-American.  Nature never hurries."
"We learn from history that we learn nothing from history."
"Flattery is all right -- if you don't inhale."
"Consistency requires you to be as ignorant today as you were a year ago."
"Summit meetings tend to be like panda matings.	 The expectations are always
high, and the results usually disappointing."
"A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging
their prejudices."
"Tell the truth and run."
"The best index to a person's character is a) how he treats people who can't
do him any good and b) how he treats people who can't fight back."
"Never face facts; if you do, you'll never get up in the morning."
"Life is a garment we continuously alter, but which never seems to fit."
"The value of marriage is not that adults produce children, but that children
produce adults."
"It is easier to fight for principles than to live up to them."
"Security is mostly a superstition.  It does not exist in nature... Life is
either a daring adventure or nothing."
"Whoever undertakes to set himself up as a judge of Truth and Knowledge is
shipwrecked by the laughter of the gods."
"Success covers a multitude of blunders."
"The mark of an immature man is that he wants to die nobly for a cause, while
the mark of a mature man is that he wants to live humbly for one."
"Yes, and I feel bad about rendering their useless carci into dogfood..."
"Is it really you, Fuzz, or is it Memorex, or is it radiation sickness?"
"Most of us, when all is said and done, like what we like and make up reasons
for it afterwards."
"You're a creature of the night, Michael.  Wait'll Mom hears about this."
"Plastic gun.  Ingenious.  More coffee, please."
The game of life is a game of boomerangs.  Our thoughts, deeds and words
return to us sooner or later with astounding accuracy.
If at first you don't succeed, you are running about average.
"A child is a person who can't understand why someone would give away a
perfectly good kitten."
"The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody
appreciates how difficult it was."
"Silent gratitude isn't very much use to anyone."
"In matters of principle, stand like a rock; in matters of taste, swim with
the current."
The first sign of maturity is the discovery that the volume knob also turns to
the left.
"But this one goes to eleven."
"Been through Hell?  Whaddya bring back for me?"
"I don't know what their
"I've got some amyls.  We could either party later or, like, start his heart."
"Israel today announced that it is giving up.  The Zionist state will dissolve
in two weeks time, and its citizens will disperse to various resort communities
around the world.  Said Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir, 'Who needs the
aggravation?'"
"And, of course, you have the commercials where savvy businesspeople Get Ahead
by using their MacIntosh computers to create the ultimate American business
product: a really sharp-looking report."
SHOP OR DIE, people of Earth!
[offer void where prohibited]
"Roman Polanski makes his own blood.  He's smart -- that's why his movies work."
"The following is not for the weak of heart or Fundamentalists."
"I take Him shopping with me. I say, 'OK, Jesus, help me find a bargain'"
--Tammy Faye Bakker
Gary Hart:  living proof that you *can* screw your brains out.
Blessed be those who initiate lively discussions with the hopelessly mute,
for they shall be know as Dentists.
"I don't believe in sweeping social change being manifested by one person,
unless he has an atomic weapon."
"Ever free-climbed a thousand foot vertical cliff with 60 pounds of gear
strapped to your butt?"
"'Course you haven't, you fruit-loop little geek."
[ditto]
"I mean, like, I just read your article in the Yale law recipe, on search and
seizure.  Man, that was really Out There."
"Hi, I'm Professor Alan Ginsburg... But you can call me... Captain Toke."
It's great to be smart 'cause then you know stuff.
"Time is money and money can't buy you love and I love your outfit"
"Can't you just gesture hypnotically and make him disappear?"
"You shouldn't make my toaster angry."
"And kids... learn something from Susie and Eddie.
Victory or defeat!
"Everyone is entitled to an *informed* opinion."
"It's curtains for you, Mighty Mouse!  This gun is so futuristic that even
*I* don't know how it works!"
"May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house."
A university faculty is 500 egotists with a common parking problem.
"If it's not loud, it doesn't work!"
"Remember kids, if there's a loaded gun in the room, be sure that you're the
one holding it"
Delta: We never make the same mistake three times.   -- David Letterman
Delta: A real man lands where he wants to.   -- David Letterman
Delta: The kids will love our inflatable slides.    -- David Letterman
Delta: We're Amtrak with wings.    -- David Letterman
"Where humor is concerned there are no standards -- no one can say what is
good or bad, although you can be sure that everyone will.
"Hello again, Peabody here..."
"It's the best thing since professional golfers on 'ludes."
"To your left is the marina where several senior cabinet officials keep luxury
yachts for weekend cruises on the Potomac.  Some of these ships are up to 100
feet in length; the Presidential yacht is over 200 feet in length, and can
remain submerged for up to 3 weeks."
"Well, social relevance is a schtick, like mysteries, social relevance,
science fiction..."
"One of the problems I've always had with propaganda pamphlets is that they're
real boring to look at.  They're just badly designed.  People from the left
often are very well-intended, but they never had time to take basic design
classes, you know?"
"If you took everyone who's ever been to a Dead
"And remember: Evil will always prevail, because Good is dumb."
Why are many scientists using lawyers for medical
experiments instead of rats?
Pig: An animal (Porcus omnivorous) closely allied to the human race by the
splendor and vivacity of its appetite, which, however, is inferior in scope,
for it balks at pig.
"We don't have to protect the environment -- the Second Coming is at hand."
"I believe that Ronald Reagan will someday make this
Noncombatant:  A dead Quaker.
"There's only one way to have a happy marriage and as soon as I learn what it
is I'll get married again."
A lot of people I know believe in positive thinking, and so do I.
I believe everything positively stinks.
Q:  How many IBM CPU's does it take to execute a job?
A:  Four; three to hold it down, and one to rip its head off.
"Because he's a character who's looking for his own identity, [He-Man is]
an interesting role for an actor."
"If Jesus came back today, and saw what was going on in his name, he'd never
stop throwing up."
"Nietzsche says that we will live the same life, over and over again.
God -- I'll have to sit through the Ice Capades again."
"In regards to Oral Roberts' claim that God told him that he would die unless he
"Only the hypocrite is really rotten to the core."
Quod licet Iovi non licet bovi.
(What Jove may do, is not permitted to a cow.)
"I distrust a man who says 'when.'  If he's got to be careful not to drink too
much, it's because he's not to be trusted when he does."
"I distrust a close-mouthed man.  He generally picks the wrong time to talk
and says the wrong things.  Talking's something you can't do judiciously,
unless you keep in practice.  Now, sir, we'll talk if you like.	I'll tell
you right out, I'm a man who likes talking to a man who likes to talk."
All extremists should be taken out and shot.
"The sixties were good to you, weren't they?"
"You stay here, Audrey -- this is between me and the vegetable!"
From Sharp minds come... pointed heads.
There are two kinds of egotists: 1) Those who admit it  2) The rest of us
"The picture's pretty bleak, gentlemen...  The world's climates are changing,
the mammals are taking over, and we all have a brain about the size of a
walnut."
"We Americans, we're a simple people... but piss us off, and we'll bomb
your cities."
Why won't sharks eat lawyers?   Professional courtesy.
"You know, we've won awards for this crap."
It was pity stayed his hand.
"Pity I don't have any more bullets," thought Frito.
A good USENET motto would be:
"He didn't run for reelection.	`Politics brings you into contact with all the
people you'd give anything to avoid,' he said. `I'm staying home.'"
"If you lived today as if it were your last, you'd buy up a box of rockets and
fire them all off, wouldn't you?"
"Mr. Spock succumbs to a powerful mating urge and nearly kills Captain Kirk."
"Poor man... he was like an employee to me."
"Trust me.  I know what I'm doing."
"Hi.  This is Dan Cassidy's answering machine.  Please leave your name and
number... and after I've doctored the tape, your message will implicate you
"All God's children are not beautiful.	Most of God's children are, in fact,
barely presentable."
"If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in the library?"
Whom the gods would destroy, they first teach BASIC.
"Look! There! Evil!.. pure and simple, total evil from the Eighth Dimension!"
"I may be synthetic, but I'm not stupid"
"The only way I can lose this election is if I'm caught in bed with a dead
girl or a live boy."
David Letterman's "Things we can be proud of as Americans":
"Danger, you haven't seen the last of me!"
Pray to God, but keep rowing to shore.
"Don't worry about people stealing your ideas.	 If your ideas are any good,
you'll have to ram them down people's throats."
"When anyone says `theoretically,' they really mean `not really.'"
"No problem is so formidable that you can't walk away from it."
"The good Christian should beware of mathematicians and all those who make
empty prophecies.  The danger already exists that mathematicians have made
a covenant with the devil to darken the spirit and confine man in the
bonds of Hell."
"For the man who has everything... Penicillin."
"The way of the world is to praise dead saints and prosecute live ones."
"It's a dog-eat-dog world out there, and I'm wearing Milkbone underwear."
Once at a social gathering, Gladstone said to Disraeli, "I predict, Sir, that
you will die either by hanging or of some vile disease".  Disraeli replied,
"That all depends, Sir, upon whether I embrace your principles or your
mistress."
"He don't know me vewy well, DO he?"   -- Bugs Bunny
"I'll rob that rich person and give it to some poor deserving slob.
"Would I turn on the gas if my pal Mugsy were in there?"
"Consequences, Schmonsequences, as long as I'm rich."
"And do you think (fop that I am) that I could be the Scarlet Pumpernickel?"
"Now I've got the bead on you with MY disintegrating gun.  And when it
disintegrates, it disintegrates.  (pulls trigger)  Well, what you do know,
it disintegrated."
"Kill the Wabbit, Kill the Wabbit, Kill the Wabbit!"
"I DO want your money, because god wants your money!"
"The majority of the stupid is invincible and guaranteed for all time. The
terror of their tyranny, however, is alleviated by their lack of consistency."
"You show me an American who can keep his mouth shut and I'll eat him."
"The Soviet Union, which has complained recently about alleged anti-Soviet
themes in American advertising, lodged an official protest this week against
the Ford Motor Company's new campaign: `Hey you stinking fat Russian, get
"There is hopeful symbolism in the fact that flags do not wave in a vacuum."
--Arthur C. Clarke
"They ought to make butt-flavored cat food."   --Gallagher
"Not only is God dead, but just try to find a plumber on weekends."
--Woody Allen
"It's ten o'clock... Do you know where your AI programs are?"  -- Peter Oakley
"Ah, you know the type.	 They like to blame it all on the Jews or the Blacks,
'cause if they couldn't, they'd have to wake up to the fact that life's one big,
scary, glorious, complex and ultimately unfathomable crapshoot -- and the only
reason THEY can't seem to keep up is they're a bunch of misfits and losers."
"Interesting survey in the current Journal of Abnormal Psychology: New York
City has a higher percentage of people you shouldn't make any sudden moves
around than any other city in the world."
"Tourists -- have some fun with New york's hard-boiled cabbies.  When you get
to your destination, say to your driver, "Pay?	I was hitchhiking."
"An anthropologist at Tulane has just come back from a field trip to New
Guinea with reports of a tribe so primitive that they have Tide but not
new Tide with lemon-fresh Borax."
"Based on what you know about him in history books, what do you think Abraham
Lincoln would be doing if he were alive today?
"If Ricky Schroder and Gary Coleman had a fight on
"If you are beginning to doubt what I am saying, you are
What to do in case of an alien attack:
"Nuclear war would really set back cable."
"You tweachewous miscweant!"
"I saw _Lassie_. It took me four shows to figure out why the hairy kid never
spoke. I mean, he could roll over and all that, but did that deserve a series?"
"Open Channel D..."
Save the whales.  Collect the whole set.
Support Mental Health.  Or I'll kill you.
"The pyramid is opening!"
"The one with the ever-widening hole in it!"
"Calling J-Man Kink.  Calling J-Man Kink.  Hash missile sighted, target
Los Angeles.  Disregard personal feelings about city and intercept."
"My sense of purpose is gone! I have no idea who I AM!"
"You are WRONG, you ol' brass-breasted fascist poop!"
"Well, if you can't believe what you read in a comic book, what *can*
"Your mother was a hamster, and your father smelt of elderberrys!"
"Take that, you hostile sons-of-bitches!"
"The voters have spoken, the bastards..."
"I prefer to think that God is not dead, just drunk"
"Be there.  Aloha."
"When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro..."
"Say yur prayers, yuh flea-pickin' varmint!"
"There... I've run rings 'round you logically"
"Let's show this prehistoric bitch how we do things downtown!"
...Veloz is indistinguishable from hundreds of other electronics businesses
in the Valley, run by eager young engineers poring over memory dumps late
into the night.  The difference is that a bunch of self-confessed "car nuts"
are making money doing what they love: writing code and driving fast.
"Just the facts, Ma'am"
"I have five dollars for each of you."
Mausoleum:  The final and funniest folly of the rich.
Riches:  A gift from Heaven signifying, "This is my beloved son, in whom I
am well pleased."
All things are either sacred or profane.
The former to ecclesiasts bring gain;
The latter to the devil appertain.
Saint:  A dead sinner revised and edited.
Forty two.
Meekness:  Uncommon patience in planning a revenge that is worth while.
Absolute:  Independent, irresponsible.  An absolute monarchy is one in which
the sovereign does as he pleases so long as he pleases the assassins.  Not
many absolute monarchies are left, most of them having been replaced by
limited monarchies, where the sovereign's power for evil (and for good) is
greatly curtailed, and by republics, which are governed by chance.
Abstainer:  A weak person who yields to the temptation of denying himself a
pleasure.  A total abstainer is one who abstains from everything but
abstention, and especially from inactivity in the affairs of others.
Alliance:  In international politics, the union of two thieves who have their
hands so deeply inserted in each other's pocket that they cannot separately
plunder a third.
Disobedience:  The silver lining to the cloud of servitude.
Egotist:  A person of low taste, more interested in himself than in me.
Administration:  An ingenious abstraction in politics, designed to receive
the kicks and cuffs due to the premier or president.
A penny saved is a penny to squander.
Ocean:  A body of water occupying about two-thirds of a world made for man --
who has no gills.
Physician:  One upon whom we set our hopes when ill and our dogs when well.
Philosophy:  A route of many roads leading from nowhere to nothing.
Politics:  A strife of interests masquerading as a contest of principles.
The conduct of public affairs for private advantage.
Politician:  An eel in the fundamental mud upon which the superstructure of
organized society is reared.  When he wriggles he mistakes the agitation of
his tail for the trembling of the edifice.  As compared with the statesman,
he suffers the disadvantage of being alive.
Pray:  To ask that the laws of the universe be annulled in behalf of a single
petitioner confessedly unworthy.
Presidency:  The greased pig in the field game of American politics.
Proboscis:  The rudimentary organ of an elephant which serves him in place
of the knife-and-fork that Evolution has as yet denied him.  For purposes
of humor it is popularly called a trunk.
Inadmissible:  Not competent to be considered.  Said of certain kinds of
testimony which juries are supposed to be unfit to be entrusted with,
and which judges, therefore, rule out, even of proceedings before themselves
alone.  Hearsay evidence is inadmissible because the person quoted was
unsworn and is not before the court for examination; yet most momentous
actions, military, political, commercial and of every other kind, are
daily undertaken on hearsay evidence.  There is no religion in the world
that has any other basis than hearsay evidence.  Revelation is hearsay
evidence; that the Scriptures are the word of God we have only the
testimony of men long dead whose identity is not clearly established and
who are not known to have been sworn in any sense.  Under the rules of
evidence as they now exist in this country, no single assertion in the
Bible has in its support any evidence admissible in a court of law...
But as records of courts of justice are admissible, it can easily be proved
that powerful and malevolent magicians once existed and were a scourge to
mankind.  The evidence (including confession) upon which certain women
were convicted of witchcraft and executed was without a flaw; it is still
unimpeachable.  The judges' decisions based on it were sound in logic and
in law.  Nothing in any existing court was ever more thoroughly proved than
the charges of witchcraft and sorcery for which so many suffered death.
If there were no witches, human testimony and human reason are alike
destitute of value.  --Ambrose Bierce
"Today's robots are very primitive, capable of understanding only a few
"In the fight between you and the world, back the world."
Here is an Appalachian version of management's answer to those who are
concerned with the fate of the project:
"Don't worry about the mule.  Just load the wagon."
Ill-chosen abstraction is particularly evident in the design of the ADA
runtime system. The interface to the ADA runtime system is so opaque that
it is impossible to model or predict its performance, making it effectively
useless for real-time systems. -- Marc D. Donner and David H. Jameson.
"Being against torture ought to be sort of a bipartisan thing."
"Here comes Mr. Bill's dog."
Sex is like air.  It's only a big deal if you can't get any.
"Maintain an awareness for contribution -- to your schedule, your project,
our company."
"Ask not what A Group of Employees can do for you.  But ask what can
All Employees do for A Group of Employees."
One evening Mr. Rudolph Block, of New York, found himself seated at dinner
alongside Mr. Percival Pollard, the distinguished critic.
occur to me that you really might not wish the public to know who wrote it."
Many alligators will be slain,
but the swamp will remain.
What the gods would destroy they first submit to an IEEE standards committee.
This is now.  Later is later.
"I will make no bargains with terrorist hardware."
"If I do not return to the pulpit this weekend, millions of people will go
to hell."
"Dump the condiments.  If we are to be eaten, we don't need to taste good."
"Aww, if you make me cry anymore, you'll fog up my helmet."
I don't want to be young again, I just don't want to get any older.
Marriage Ceremony:  An incredible metaphysical sham of watching God and the
law being dragged into the affairs of your family.
a burning car.  "Dial 'one'!  Get room service!  Code red!"  Stiggs was on
the phone immediately, ordering more rose blossoms, because, according to
him, the ones floating in the tub had suddenly lost their smell.  "I demand
smell," he shrilled.  "I expecting total uninterrupted smell from these
f*cking roses."
involved fifty roses.  "What am I going to do with this?" Stiggs sneered at
the weaseling hotel goon when he appeared at our door holding a single flower
floating in a brandy glass.  Stiggs's tirade was great.  "Do you see this
bathtub?  Do you notice any difference between the size of the tub and the
size of that spindly wad of petals in your hand?  I need total bath coverage.
I need a completely solid layer of roses all around me like puffing factories
of smell, attacking me with their smell and power-ramming big stinking
concentrations of rose odor up my nostrils until I'm wasted with pleasure."
It wasn't long before we got so dissatisfied with this incompetence that we
bolted.
When it is incorrect, it is, at least *authoritatively* incorrect.
We decided it was night again, so we camped for twenty minutes and drank
another six beers at a Young Life campsite.  O.C. got into the supervisory
adult's sleeping bag and ran around in it.  "This is the judgment day and I'm
a terrifying apparition," he screamed.  Then the heat made O.C. ralph in the
bag.
Voodoo Programming:  Things programmers do that they know shouldn't work but
they try anyway, and which sometimes actually work, such as recompiling
everything.
This is, of course, totally uninformed speculation that I engage in to help
support my bias against such meddling... but there you have it.
changed to do something he didn't approve of, didn't work
"This knowledge I pursue is the finest pleasure I have ever known.  I could
no sooner give it up that I could the very air that I breath."
"I got everybody to pay up front...then I blew up their planet."
"Atomic batteries to power, turbines to speed."
The F-15 Eagle:
"The Amiga is the only personal computer where you can run a multitasking
operating system and get realtime performance, out of the box."
"It's my cookie file and if I come up with something that's lame and I like it,
it goes in."
In recognizing AT&T Bell Laboratories for corporate innovation, for its
invention of cellular mobile communications, IEEE President Russell C. Drew
referred to the cellular telephone as a "basic necessity."  How times have
changed, one observer remarked: many in the room recalled the advent of
direct dialing.
...the Soviets have the capability to try big projects.  If there is a goal,
such as when Gorbachev states that they are going to have nuclear-powered
aircraft carriers, the case is closed -- that is it.  They will concentrate
on the problem, do a bad job, and later pay the price.  They really don't
care what the price is.
There is something you must understand about the Soviet system.  They have the
ability to concentrate all their efforts on a given design, and develop all
components simultaneously, but sometimes without proper testing.  Then they end
up with a technological disaster like the Tu-144.  In a technology race at
the time, that aircraft was two months ahead of the Concorde.  Four Tu-144s
were built; two have crashed, and two are in museums.  The Concorde has been
flying safely for over 10 years.
DE:  The Soviets seem to have difficulty implementing modern technology.
Belenko:  Well, let's talk about aircraft engine lifetime.  When I flew the
DE:  Is that mean-time-between-failure?
Belenko:  No, the engine is finished; it is scrapped.
DE:  You mean they pull it out and throw it away, not even overhauling it?
Belenko:  That is correct.  Overhaul is too expensive.
DE:  That is absurdly low by free world standards.
Belenko:  I know.
"I have a friend who just got back from the Soviet Union, and told me the people
there are hungry for information about the West.  He was asked about many
things, but I will give you two examples that are very revealing about life in
the Soviet Union.  The first question he was asked was if we had exploding
television sets.  You see, they have a problem with the picture tubes on color
television sets, and many are exploding.  They assumed we must be having
problems with them too.  The other question he was asked often was why the
CIA had killed Samantha Smith, the little girl who visited the Soviet Union a
few years ago; their propaganda is very effective.
"...I could accept this openness, glasnost, perestroika, or whatever you want
to call it if they did these things: abolish the one party system; open the
Soviet frontier and allow Soviet people to travel freely; allow the Soviet
people to have real free enterprise; allow Western businessmen to do business
there, and permit freedom of speech and of the press.  But so far, the whole
country is like a concentration camp.  The barbed wire on the fence around
the Soviet Union is to keep people inside, in the dark.  This openness that
you are seeing, all these changes, are cosmetic and they have been designed
to impress shortsighted, naive, sometimes stupid Western leaders.  These
leaders gush over Gorbachev, hoping to do business with the Soviet Union or
appease it.  He will say: "Yes, we can do business!"  This while his
military machine in Afghanistan has killed over a million people out of a
population of 17 million.  Can you imagine that?
"Remember Kruschev:  he tried to do too many things too fast, and he was
removed in disgrace.  If Gorbachev tries to destroy the system or make too
many fundamental changes to it, I believe the system will get rid of him.
I am not a political scientist, but I understand the system very well.
I believe he will have a "heart attack" or retire or be removed.  He is
up against a brick wall.  If you think they will change everything and
become a free, open society, forget it!"
FORTRAN?  The syntactically incorrect statement "DO 10 I = 1.10" will parse and
generate code creating a variable, DO10I, as follows: "DO10I = 1.10"  If that
doesn't terrify you, it should.
"I knew then (in 1970) that a 4-kbyte minicomputer would cost as much as
a house.  So I reasoned that after college, I'd have to live cheaply in
an apartment and put all my money into owning a computer."
HP had a unique policy of allowing its engineers to take parts from stock as
long as they built something.  "They figured that with every design, they were
getting a better engineer.  It's a policy I urge all companies to adopt."
"I just want to be a good engineer."
"There's always been Tower of Babel sort of bickering inside Unix, but this
is the most extreme form ever.  This means at least several years of confusion."
"When in doubt, print 'em out."
"If you want the best things to happen in corporate life you have to find ways
to be hospitable to the unusual person.  You don't get innovation as a
democratic process.  You almost get it as an anti-democratic process.
Certainly you get it as an anthitetical process, so you have to have an
environment where the body of people are really amenable to change and can
deal with the conflicts that arise out of change an innovation."
"In corporate life, I think there are three important areas which contracts
can't deal with, the area of conflict, the area of change and area of reaching
potential.  To me a covenant is a relationship that is based on such things
as shared ideals and shared value systems and shared ideas and shared
agreement as to the processes we are going to use for working together.  In
many cases they develop into real love relationships."
Another goal is to establish a relationship "in which it is OK for everybody
to do their best.  There are an awful lot of people in management who really
don't want subordinates to do their best, because it gets to be very
threatening.  But we have found that both internally and with outside
designers if we are willing to have this kind of relationship and if we're
willing to be vulnerable to what will come out of it, we get really good
work."
In his book, Mr. DePree tells the story of how designer George Nelson urged
that the company also take on Charles Eames in the late 1940s.  Max's father,
J. DePree, co-founder of the company with herman Miller in 1923, asked Mr.
Nelson if he really wanted to share the limited opportunities of a then-small
company with another designer.  "George's response was something like this:
'Charles Eames is an unusual talent.  He is very different from me.  The
company needs us both.  I want very much to have Charles Eames share in
whatever potential there is.'"
Mr. DePree believes participative capitalism is the wave of the future.  The
U.S. work force, he believes, "more and more demands to be included in the
capitalist system and if we don't find ways to get the capitalist system
to be an inclusive system rather than the exclusive system it has been, we're
all in deep trouble.  If we don't find ways to begin to understand that
capitalism's highest potential lies in the common good, not in the individual
good, then we're risking the system itself."
Mr. DePree also expects a "tremendous social change" in all workplaces.  "When
I first started working 40 years ago, a factory supervisor was focused on the
product.  Today it is drastically different, because of the social milieu.
It isn't unusual for a worker to arrive on his shift and have some family
problem that he doesn't know how to resolve.  The example I like to use is a
guy who comes in and says 'this isn't going to be a good day for me, my son
is in jail on a drunk-driving charge and I don't know how to raise bail.'
What that means is that if the supervisor wants productivity, he has to know
how to raise bail."
Fools ignore complexity.  Pragmatists suffer it.
Some can avoid it.  Geniuses remove it.
"What if" is a trademark of Hewlett Packard, so stop using it in your
sentences without permission, or risk being sued.
Now, if the leaders of the world -- people who are leaders by virtue of
political, military or financial power, and not necessarily wisdom or
consideration for mankind -- if these leaders manage not to pull us
over the brink into planetary suicide, despite their occasional pompous
suggestions that they may feel obliged to do so, we may survive beyond
1988.
The essential ideas of Algol 68 were that the whole language should be
precisely defined and that all the pieces should fit together smoothly.
The basic idea behind Pascal was that it didn't matter how vague the
language specification was (it took *years* to clarify) or how many rough
edges there were, as long as the CDC Pascal compiler was fast.
"We came.  We saw.  We kicked its ass."
"The stars are made of the same atoms as the earth."  I usually pick one small
topic like this to give a lecture on.  Poets say science takes away from the
beauty of the stars -- mere gobs of gas atoms.  Nothing is "mere."  I too can
see the stars on a desert night, and feel them.  But do I see less or more?
The vastness of the heavens stretches my imagination -- stuck on this carousel
my little eye can catch one-million-year-old light.  A vast pattern -- of which
I am a part -- perhaps my stuff was belched from some forgotten star, as one
is belching there.  Or see them with the greater eye of Palomar, rushing all
apart from some common starting point when they were perhaps all together.
What is the pattern, or the meaning, or the *why?*  It does not do harm to the
mystery to know a little about it.  For far more marvelous is the truth than
any artists of the past imagined!  Why do the poets of the present not speak
of it?  What men are poets who can speak of Jupiter if he were like a man, but
if he is an immense spinning sphere of methane and ammonia must be silent?
If you permit yourself to read meanings into (rather than drawing meanings out
of) the evidence, you can draw any conclusion you like.
"Pseudocode can be used to some extent to aid the maintenance
process.  However, pseudocode that is highly detailed -
approaching the level of detail of the code itself - is not of
much use as maintenance documentation.  Such detailed
documentation has to be maintained almost as much as the code,
thus doubling the maintenance burden.  Furthermore, since such
voluminous pseudocode is too distracting to be kept in the
listing itself, it must be kept in a separate folder.  The
result: Since pseudocode - unlike real code - doesn't have to be
maintained, no one will maintain it.  It will soon become out of
date and everyone will ignore it.  (Once, I did an informal
survey of 42 shops that used pseudocode.  Of those 42, 0 [zero!],
found that it had any value as maintenance documentation."
"Only a brain-damaged operating system would support task switching and not
make the simple next step of supporting multitasking."
Sigmund Freud is alleged to have said that in the last analysis the entire field
of psychology may reduce to biological electrochemistry.
The magician is seated in his high chair and looks upon the world with favor.
He is at the height of his powers.  If he closes his eyes, he causes the world
to disappear.  If he opens his eyes, he causes the world to come back.  If
there is harmony within him, the world is harmonious.  If rage shatters his
inner harmony, the unity of the world is shattered.  If desire arises within
him, he utters the magic syllables that causes the desired object to appear.
His wishes, his thoughts, his gestures, his noises command the universe.
An Animal that knows who it is, one that has a sense of his own identity, is
a discontented creature, doomed to create new problems for himself for the
duration of his stay on this planet.  Since neither the mouse nor the chimp
knows what is, he is spared all the vexing problems that follow this
discovery.  But as soon as the human animal who asked himself this question
emerged, he plunged himself and his descendants into an eternity of doubt
and brooding, speculation and truth-seeking that has goaded him through the
centuries as relentlessly as hunger or sexual longing.  The chimp that does
not know that he exists is not driven to discover his origins and is spared
the tragic necessity of contemplating his own end.  And even if the animal
experimenters succeed in teaching a chimp to count one hundred bananas or
to play chess, the chimp will develop no science and he will exhibit no
appreciation of beauty, for the greatest part of man's wisdom may be traced
back to the eternal questions of beginnings and endings, the quest to give
meaning to his existence, to life itself.
A comment on schedules:
Round up to the nearest half-year.
--Brad Sherman
By the way, ALL software projects are done by iterative prototyping.
Some companies call their prototypes "releases", that's all.
"UNIX Relational Database Management:  Application Development in the UNIX
"Laugh while you can, monkey-boy."
"Floggings will continue until morale improves."
"Hey Ivan, check your six."
"Free markets select for winning solutions."
"I dislike companies that have a we-are-the-high-priests-of-hardware-so-you'll-
like-what-we-give-you attitude.  I like commodity markets in which iron-and-
silicon hawkers know that they exist to provide fast toys for software types
like me to play with..."
"The urge to destroy is also a creative urge."
[ed. note - I would say: The urge to destroy may sometimes be a creative urge.]
"A commercial, and in some respects a social, doubt has been started within the
"Wish not to seem, but to be, the best."
"Survey says..."
"Paul Lynde to block..."
"Little else matters than to write good code."
To write good code is a worthy challenge, and a source of civilized delight.
"Stupidity, like virtue, is its own reward"
"If a computer can't directly address all the RAM you can use, it's just a toy."
"Never laugh at live dragons, Bilbo you fool!" he said to himself, and it became
a favourite saying of his later, and passed into a proverb. "You aren't nearly
through this adventure yet," he added, and that was pretty true as well.
"A dirty mind is a joy forever."
"You can't teach seven foot."
"A car is just a big purse on wheels."
"History is a tool used by politicians to justify their intentions."
"Gozer the Gozerian:  As the duly appointed representative of the city,
county and state of New York, I hereby order you to cease all supernatural
activities at once and proceed immediately to your place of origin or
the nearest parallel dimension, whichever is nearest."
It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more
doubtful of success, nor more dangerous to manage, than the creation of a
new system.  For the initiator has the enmity of all who would profit by
the preservation of the old institutions and merely lukewarm defenders in
those who would gain by the new ones.
God grant me the senility to accept the things I cannot change,
The frustration to try to change things I cannot affect,
and the wisdom to tell the difference.
First as to speech.  That privilege rests upon the premise that
there is no proposition so uniformly acknowledged that it may not be
lawfully challenged, questioned, and debated.  It need not rest upon
the further premise that there are no propositions that are not
open to doubt; it is enough, even if there are, that in the end it is
worse to suppress dissent than to run the risk of heresy.  Hence it
has been again and again unconditionally proclaimed that there are
no limits to the privilege so far as words seek to affect only the hearers'
beliefs and not their conduct.  The trouble is that conduct is almost
always based upon some belief, and that to change the hearer's belief
will generally to some extent change his conduct, and may even evoke
conduct that the law forbids.
[cf. Learned Hand, The Spirit of Liberty, University of Chicago Press, 1952;
The Art and Craft of Judging: The Decisions of Judge Learned Hand,
edited and annotated by Hershel Shanks, The MacMillian Company, 1968.]
The late rebellion in Massachusetts has given more alarm than I think it
should have done.  Calculate that one rebellion in 13 states in the course
of 11 years, is but one for each state in a century and a half.  No country
should be so long without one.
"Nine years of ballet, asshole."
You are in a maze of UUCP connections, all alike.
"If that man in the PTL is such a healer, why can't he make his wife's
8)   Use common sense in routing cable.  Avoid wrapping coax around sources of
"What a wonder is USENET; such wholesale production of conjecture from
such a trifling investment in fact."
VMS must die!
MS-DOS must die!
OS/2 must die!
Pournelle must die!
Garbage In, Gospel Out
"Being against torture ought to be sort of a multipartisan thing."
"Facts are stupid things."
"The argument that the literal story of Genesis can qualify as science
collapses on three major grounds: the creationists' need to invoke
miracles in order to compress the events of the earth's history into
the biblical span of a few thousand years; their unwillingness to
abandon claims clearly disproved, including the assertion that all
fossils are products of Noah's flood; and their reliance upon distortion,
misquote, half-quote, and citation out of context to characterize the
ideas of their opponents."
"An ounce of prevention is worth a ton of code."
"To IBM, 'open' means there is a modicum of interoperability among some of their
equipment."
"Just think of a computer as hardware you can program."
"If you own a machine, you are in turn owned by it, and spend your time
"Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler."
"Card readers?  We don't need no stinking card readers."
Your good nature will bring unbounded happiness.
Semper Fi, dude.
Excitement and danger await your induction to tracer duty!  As a tracer,
you must rid the computer networks of slimy, criminal data thieves.
They are tricky and the action gets tough, so watch out!  Utilizing all
your skills, you'll either get your man or you'll get burned!
"An entire fraternity of strapping Wall-Street-bound youth.  Hell - this
is going to be a blood bath!"
"Neighbors!!  We got neighbors!  We ain't supposed to have any neighbors, and
I just had to shoot one."
"Gotcha, you snot-necked weenies!"
interlard - vt., to intersperse; diversify
"Everybody is talking about the weather but nobody does anything about it."
"How many teamsters does it take to screw in a light bulb?"
"If you weren't my teacher, I'd think you just deleted all my files."
"The hottest places in Hell are reserved for those who, in times of moral
crisis, preserved their neutrality."
"The medium is the message."
"The medium is the massage."
"Show me a good loser, and I'll show you a loser."
"It might help if we ran the MBA's out of Washington."
Refreshed by a brief blackout, I got to my feet and went next door.
The sprung doors parted and I staggered out into the lobby's teak and flicker.
Uniformed men stood by impassively like sentries in their trench.  I slapped
my key on the desk and nodded gravely.  I was loaded enough to be unable to
tell whether they could tell I was loaded.  Would they mind?  I was certainly
too loaded to care.  I moved to the door with boxy, schlep-shouldered strides.
I ask only one thing.  I'm understanding.  I'm mature.  And it isn't much to
ask.  I want to get back to London, and track her down, and be alone with my
Selina -- or not even alone, damn it, merely close to her, close enough to
smell her skin, to see the flecked webbing of her lemony eyes, the moulding
of her artful lips.  Just for a few precious seconds.  Just long enough to
put in one good, clean punch.  That's all I ask.
"Love may fail, but courtesy will prevail."
New York is a jungle, they tell you.  You could go further, and say that
New York is a jungle.  New York *is a jungle.*  Beneath the columns of
the old rain forest, made of melting macadam, the mean Limpopo of swamped
Ninth Avenue bears an angry argosy of crocs and dragons, tiger fish, noise
machines, sweating rainmakers.  On the corners stand witchdoctors and
headhunters, babbling voodoo-men -- the natives, the jungle-smart natives.
And at night, under the equatorial overgrowth and heat-holding cloud
cover, you hear the ragged parrot-hoot and monkeysqueak of the sirens,
and then fires flower to ward off monsters.  Careful: the streets are
sprung with pits and nets and traps.  Hire a guide.  Pack your snakebite
gook and your blowdart serum.  Take it seriously.  You have to get a
bit jungle-wise.
Now I was heading, in my hot cage, down towards meat-market country on the
tip of the West Village.  Here the redbrick warehouses double as carcass
galleries and rat hives, the Manhattan fauna seeking its necessary
level, living or dead.  Here too you find the heavy faggot hangouts,
The Spike, the Water Closet, the Mother Load.  Nobody knows what goes on
in these places.  Only the heavy faggots know.  Even Fielding seems somewhat
vague on the question.  You get zapped and flogged and dumped on -- by
almost anybody's standards, you have a really terrible time.  The average
patron arrives at the Spike in one taxi but needs to go back to his sock
in two.  And then the next night he shows up for more.  They shackle
themselves to racks, they bask in urinals.  Their folks have a lot of
explaining to do, if you want my opinion, particularly the mums.  Sorry
to single you ladies out like this but the story must start somewhere.
A craving for hourly murder -- it can't be willed.  In the meantime,
Fielding tells me, Mother Nature looks on and taps her foot and clicks
her tongue.  Always a champion of monogamy, she is cooking up some fancy
new diseases.  She just isn't going to stand for it.
"You tried it just for once, found it alright for kicks,
"There is no distinctly American criminal class except Congress."
"You'll pay to know what you really think."
"We live, in a very kooky time."
"Pull the wool over your own eyes!"
"Okay," Bobby said, getting the hang of it, "then what's the matrix?  If
she's a deck, and Danbala's a program, what's cyberspace?"
"Our reruns are better than theirs."
Life is a game.  Money is how we keep score.
"Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain."
"It ain't so much the things we don't know that get us in trouble.  It's the
things we know that ain't so."
"Don't discount flying pigs before you have good air defense."
"In the long run, every program becomes rococo, and then rubble."
"Pok pok pok, P'kok!"
Live Free or Live in Massachusettes.
"You can't get very far in this world without your dossier being there first."
"Flight Reservation systems decide whether or not you exist. If your information
isn't in their database, then you simply don't get to go anywhere."
"What people have been reduced to are mere 3-D representations of their own
data."
"The Avis WIZARD decides if you get to drive a car. Your head won't touch the
pillow of a Sheraton unless their computer says it's okay."
"They know your name, address, telephone number, credit card numbers, who ELSE
is driving the car "for insurance", ...  your driver's license number. In the
state of Massachusetts, this is the same number as that used for Social
Security, unless you object to such use. In THAT case, you are ASSIGNED a
number and you reside forever more on the list of "weird people who don't give
out their Social Security Number in Massachusetts."
"Data is a lot like humans:  It is born.  Matures.  Gets married to other data,
divorced. Gets old.  One thing that it doesn't do is die.  It has to be killed."
"People should have access to the data which you have about them.  There should
"Although Poles suffer official censorship, a pervasive secret
police and laws similar to those in the USSR, there are
thousands of underground publications, a legal independent
Church, private agriculture, and the East bloc's first and only
independent trade union federation, NSZZ Solidarnosc, which is
an affiliate of both the International Confederation of Free
Trade Unions and the World Confederation of Labor.  There is
literally a world of difference between Poland - even in its
present state of collapse - and Soviet society at the peak of
its "glasnost."  This difference has been maintained at great
cost by the Poles since 1944.
"There is also a thriving independent student movement in
Poland, and thus there is a strong possibility (though no
guarantee) of making an EARN-Poland link, should it ever come
about, a genuine link - not a vacuum cleaner attachment for a
Bloc information gathering apparatus rationed to trusted
apparatchiks."
"Do not lose your knowledge that man's proper estate is an upright posture,
an intransigent mind, and a step that travels unlimited roads."
Don't panic.
The bug stops here.
The bug starts here.
"Why waste negative entropy on comments, when you could use the same
entropy to create bugs instead?"
"The pathology is to want control, not that you ever get it, because of
course you never do."
"Your butt is mine."
Ship it.
"Once they go up, who cares where they come down?  That's not my department."
"When the only tool you have is a hammer, you tend to treat everything as if
it were a nail."
"Imitation is the sincerest form of television."
"The lesser of two evils -- is evil."
"It's no sweat, Henry.  Russ made it back to Bugtown before he died.  So he'll
regenerate in a couple of days.  It's just awful sloppy of him to get killed in
the first place.  Humph!"
"An honest god is the noblest work of man.  ... God has always resembled his
creators.  He hated and loved what they hated and loved and he was invariably
found on the side of those in power. ... Most of the gods were pleased with
sacrifice, and the smell of innocent blood has ever been considered a divine
perfume."
"We are not endeavoring to chain the future but to free the present. ... We are
the advocates of inquiry, investigation, and thought. ... It is grander to think
and investigate for yourself than to repeat a creed. ... I look for the day
when *reason*, throned upon the world's brains, shall be the King of Kings and
the God of Gods.
"I honestly believe that the doctrine of hell was born in the glittering eyes
of snakes that run in frightful coils watching for their prey.  I believe
it was born with the yelping, howling, growling and snarling of wild beasts...
I despise it, I defy it, and I hate it."
"Is this foreplay?"
egrep patterns are full regular expressions; it uses a fast deterministic
algorithm that sometimes needs exponential space.
"A mind is a terrible thing to have leaking out your ears."
"Life sucks, but it's better than the alternative."
If this is a service economy, why is the service so bad?
"I shall expect a chemical cure for psychopathic behavior by 10 A.M. tomorrow,
or I'll have your guts for spaghetti."
"Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there."
"An open mind has but one disadvantage: it collects dirt."
"The geeks shall inherit the earth."
"Beware of programmers carrying screwdrivers."
"Elvis is my copilot."
"The fundamental principle of science, the definition almost, is this: the
sole test of the validity of any idea is experiment."
How many Unix hacks does it take to change a light bulb?
"Don't hate me because I'm beautiful.  Hate me because I'm beautiful, smart
and rich."
"The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so
certain of themselves, but wiser people so full of doubts."
Always look over your shoulder because everyone is watching and plotting
against you.
"Let us condemn to hellfire all those who disagree with us."
Baby On Board.
"The net result is a system that is not only binary compatible with 4.3 BSD,
but is even bug for bug compatible in almost all features."
"The number of Unix installations has grown to 10, with more expected."
"Engineering without management is art."
"I'm not a god, I was misquoted."
Brain off-line, please wait.
--
-- uunet!sugar!karl  | "We've been following your progress with considerable
-- karl@sugar.uu.net |  interest, not to say contempt."  -- Zaphod Beeblebrox IV
-- Usenet BBS (713) 438-5018
th-th-th-th-That's all, folks!
----------- cut here, don't forget to strip junk at the end, too -------------
"Psychoanalysis??  I thought this was a nude rap session!!!"
Are you having fun yet?
"The vast majority of successful major crimes against property are
perpetrated by individuals abusing positions of trust."
"Perhaps I am flogging a straw herring in mid-stream, but in the light of
what is known about the ubiquity of security vulnerabilities, it seems vastly
too dangerous for university folks to run with their heads in the sand."
"Seed me, Seymour"
"Buy land.  They've stopped making it."
"Open the pod bay doors, HAL."
"There was no difference between the behavior of a god and the operations of
pure chance..."
...Saure really turns out to be an adept at the difficult art of papryomancy,
the ability to prophesy through contemplating the way people roll reefers -
the shape, the licking pattern, the wrinkles and folds or absence thereof
in the paper.  "You will soon be in love," sez Saure, "see, this line here."
"It's long, isn't it?  Does that mean --" "Length is usually intensity.
Not time."
Go ahead, capitalize the T on technology, deify it if it will make you feel
less responsible -- but it puts you in with the neutered, brother, in with
the eunuchs keeping the harem of our stolen Earth for the numb and joyless
hardons of human sultans, human elite with no right at all to be where they
are --"
...the prevailing Catholic odor - incense, wax, centuries of mild bleating
from the lips of the flock.
...At that time [the 1960s], Bell Laboratories scientists projected that
computer speeds as high as 30 million floating-point calculations per
second (megaflops) would be needed for the Army's ballistic missile
defense system.  Many computer experts -- including a National Academy
of Sciences panel -- said achieving such speeds, even using multiple
processors, was impossible.  Today, new generation supercomputers operate
at billions of operations per second (gigaflops).
backups: always in season, never out of style.
"There was a vague, unpleasant manginess about his appearance; he somehow
seemed dirty, though a close glance showed him as carefully shaven as an
actor, and clad in immaculate linen."
Work was impossible.  The geeks had broken my spirit.  They had done too
many things wrong.  It was never like this for Mencken.  He lived like
a Prussian gambler -- sweating worse than Bryan on some nights and drunker
than Judas on others.  It was all a dehumanized nightmare...and these
raddled cretins have the gall to complain about my deadlines.
"This generation may be the one that will face Armageddon."
... The cable had passed us by; the dish was the only hope, and eventually
we were all forced to turn to it.  By the summer of '85, the valley had more
satellite dishes per capita than an Eskimo village on the north slope of
Alaska.
Mine was one of the last to go in.  I had been nervous from the start about
the hazards of too much input, which is a very real problem with these
things.  Watching TV becomes a full-time job when you can scan 200 channels
all day and all night and still have the option of punching Night Dreams
into the video machine, if the rest of the world seems dull.
"Call immediately.  Time is running out.  We both need to do something
monstrous before we die."
"The only way for a reporter to look at a politician is down."
"You don't go out and kick a mad dog.  If you have a mad dog with rabies, you
take a gun and shoot him."
David Brinkley: The daily astrological charts are precisely where, in my
George Will:  I don't think astrology belongs even on the comic pages.
Brinkley:  Where would you put it?
Will:  I wouldn't put it in the newspaper.  I think it's transparent rubbish.
Sam Donaldson:  This isn't something new.  Governor Ronald Reagan was sworn
Will:  They [horoscopes] are utter crashing banalities.  They could apply to
Brinkley:  When is the exact moment [of birth]?  I don't think the nurse is
Donaldson:  If we're making decisions based on the stars -- that's a cockamamie
The reported resort to astrology in the White House has occasioned much
merriment.  It is not funny.  Astrological gibberish, which means astrology
generally, has no place in a newspaper, let alone government.  Unlike comics,
which are part of a newspaper's harmless pleasure and make no truth claims,
astrology is a fraud.  The idea that it gets a hearing in government is
dismaying.
Astrology is the sheerest hokum.  This pseudoscience has been around since
the day of the Chaldeans and Babylonians.  It is as phony as numerology,
phrenology, palmistry, alchemy, the reading of tea leaves, and the practice
of divination by the entrails of a goat.  No serious person will buy the
notion that our lives are influenced individually by the movement of
distant planets.  This is the sawdust blarney of the carnival midway.
A serious public debate about the validity of astrology?  A serious believer
in the White House?  Two of them?  Give me a break.  What stifled my laughter
is that the image fits.  Reagan has always exhibited a fey indifference toward
science.  Facts, like numbers, roll off his back.  And we've all come to
accept it.  This time it was stargazing that became a serious issue....Not
that long ago, it was Reagan's support of Creationism....Creationists actually
got equal time with evolutionists.  The public was supposed to be open-minded
to the claims of paleontologists and fundamentalists, as if the two were
scientific colleagues....It has been clear for a long time that the president
is averse to science...In general, these attitudes fall onto friendly American
turf....But at the outer edges, this skepticism about science easily turns
into a kind of naive acceptance of nonscience, or even nonsense.  The same
people who doubt experts can also believe any quackery, from the benefits of
laetrile to eye of newt to the movement of planets.  We lose the capacity to
make rational -- scientific -- judgments.  It's all the same.
The spectacle of astrology in the White House -- the governing center of
the world's greatest scientific and military power -- is so appalling that
it defies understanding and provides grounds for great fright.  The easiest
response is to laugh it off, and to indulge in wisecracks about Civil
Service ratings for horoscope makers and palm readers and whether Reagan
asked Mikhail Gorbachev for his sign.  A contagious good cheer is the
hallmark of this presidency, even when the most dismal matters are concerned.
But this time, it isn't funny.  It's plain scary.
[Astrology is] 100 percent hokum, Ted.  As a matter of fact, the first edition
of the Encyclopaedia Britannica, written in 1771 -- 1771! -- said that this
belief system is a subject long ago ridiculed and reviled.  We're dealing with
beliefs that go back to the ancient Babylonians.  There's nothing there....
It sounds a lot like science, it sounds like astronomy.  It's got technical
terms.  It's got jargon.  It confuses the public....The astrologer is quite
glib, confuses the public, uses terms which come from science, come from
metaphysics, come from a host of fields, but they really mean nothing.  The
fact is that astrological beliefs go back at least 2,500 years.  Now that
should be a sufficiently long time for astrologers to prove their case.  They
have not proved their case....It's just simply gibberish.  The fact is, there's
no theory for it, there are no observational data for it.  It's been tested
and tested over the centuries.  Nobody's ever found any validity to it at
all.  It is not even close to a science.  A science has to be repeatable, it
has to have a logical foundation, and it has to be potentially vulnerable --
you test it.  And in that astrology is really quite something else.
Even if we put all these nagging thoughts [four embarrassing questions about
astrology] aside for a moment, one overriding question remains to be asked.
Why would the positions of celestial objects at the moment of birth have an
effect on our characters, lives, or destinies?  What force or influence,
what sort of energy would travel from the planets and stars to all human
beings and affect our development or fate?  No amount of scientific-sounding
jargon or computerized calculations by astrologers can disguise this central
problem with astrology -- we can find no evidence of a mechanism by which
celestial objects can influence us in so specific and personal a way. . . .
Some astrologers argue that there may be a still unknown force that represents
the astrological influence. . . .If so, astrological predictions -- like those
of any scientific field -- should be easily tested. . . . Astrologers always
claim to be just a little too busy to carry out such careful tests of their
efficacy, so in the last two decades scientists and statisticians have
generously done such testing for them.  There have been dozens of well-designed
tests all around the world, and astrology has failed every one of them. . . .
I propose that we let those beckoning lights in the sky awaken our interest
in the real (and fascinating) universe beyond our planet, and not let them
keep us tied to an ancient fantasy left over from a time when we huddled by
the firelight, afraid of the night.
With the news that Nancy Reagan has referred to an astrologer when planning
her husband's schedule, and reports of Californians evacuating Los Angeles
on the strength of a prediction from a sixteenth-century physician and
astrologer Michel de Notredame, the image of the U.S. as a scientific and
technological nation has taking a bit of a battering lately.  Sadly, such
happenings cannot be dismissed as passing fancies.  They are manifestations
of a well-established "anti-science" tendency in the U.S. which, ultimately,
could threaten the country's position as a technological power. . . .  The
manifest widespread desire to reject rationality and substitute a series
of quasirandom beliefs in order to understand the universe does not augur
well for a nation deeply concerned about its ability to compete with its
industrial equals.  To the degree that it reflects the thinking of a
significant section of the public, this point of view encourages ignorance
of and, indeed, contempt for science and for rational methods of approaching
truth. . . . It is becoming clear that if the U.S. does not pick itself up
soon and devote some effort to educating the young effectively, its hope of
maintaining a semblance of leadership in the world may rest, paradoxically,
with a new wave of technically interested and trained immigrants who do not
suffer from the anti-science disease rampant in an apparently decaying society.
miracle:  an extremely outstanding or unusual event, thing, or accomplishment.
"The computer programmer is a creator of universes for which he alone
"If the code and the comments disagree, then both are probably wrong."
"May your future be limited only by your dreams."
"It is better for civilization to be going down the drain than to be
coming up it."
"Life begins when you can spend your spare time programming instead of
watching television."
Eat shit -- billions of flies can't be wrong.
"We never make assertions, Miss Taggart," said Hugh Akston.  "That is
the moral crime peculiar to our enemies.  We do not tell -- we *show*.
We do not claim -- we *prove*."
"I remember when I was a kid I used to come home from Sunday School and
"My father?  My father left when I was quite young.  Well actually, he
"I turn on my television set.  I see a young lady who goes under the guise
of being a Christian, known all over the nation, dressed in skin-tight
leather pants, shaking and wiggling her hips to the beat and rhythm of the
music as the strobe lights beat their patterns across the stage and the
band plays the contemporary rock sound which cannot be differentiated from
songs by the Grateful Dead, the Beatles, or anyone else.  And you may try
to tell me this is of God and that it is leading people to Christ, but I
know better.
"So-called Christian rock. . . . is a diabolical force undermining Christianity
"Anyone attempting to generate random numbers by deterministic means is, of
course, living in a state of sin."
"You must have an IQ of at least half a million."  -- Popeye
"Freedom is still the most radical idea of all."
Aren't you glad you're not getting all the government you pay for now?
"I never let my schooling get in the way of my education."
These screamingly hilarious gogs ensure owners of     X Ray Gogs to be the life
of any party.
A student asked the master for help... does this program run from the
Workbench? The master grabbed the mouse and pointed to an icon. "What is
this?" he asked. The student replied "That's the mouse". The master pressed
control-Amiga-Amiga and hit the student on the head with the Amiga ROM Kernel
Manual.
"Thank heaven for startups; without them we'd never have any advances."
"Out of register space (ugh)"
"Its failings notwithstanding, there is much to be said in favor
of journalism in that by giving us the opinion of the uneducated,
it keeps us in touch with the ignorance of the community."
"Ada is PL/I trying to be Smalltalk.
"The greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by men of zeal,
well-meaning but without understanding."
"'Tis true, 'tis pity, and pity 'tis 'tis true."
"All the people are so happy now, their heads are caving in.  I'm glad they
are a snowman with protective rubber skin"
"Indecision is the basis of flexibility"
"Sometimes insanity is the only alternative"
"Old age and treachery will beat youth and skill every time."
"The most important thing in a man is not what he knows, but what he is."
"All we are given is possibilities -- to make ourselves one thing or another."
"We will be better and braver if we engage and inquire than if we indulge in
the idle fancy that we already know -- or that it is of no use seeking to
know what we do not know."
"To undertake a project, as the word's derivation indicates, means to cast an
idea out ahead of oneself so that it gains autonomy and is fulfilled not only
by the efforts of its originator but, indeed, independently of him as well.
"We cannot put off living until we are ready.  The most salient characteristic
of life is its coerciveness; it is always urgent, "here and now," without any
possible postponement.  Life is fired at us point blank."
"From there to here, from here to there, funny things are everywhere."
"When it comes to humility, I'm the greatest."
Remember, an int is not always 16 bits.  I'm not sure, but if the 80386 is one
step closer to Intel's slugfest with the CPU curve that is asymptotically
approaching a real machine, perhaps an int has been implemented as 32 bits by
some Unix vendors...?
"Insofar as I may be heard by anything, which may or may not care
what I say, I ask, if it matters, that you be forgiven for anything
you may have done or failed to do which requires forgiveness.
Conversely, if not forgiveness but something else may be required to
insure any possible benefit for which you may be eligible after the
destruction of your body, I ask that this, whatever it may be,
be granted or withheld, as the case may be, in such a manner as to
insure your receiving said benefit. I ask this in my capacity as
your elected intermediary between yourself and that which may not be
yourself, but which may have an interest in the matter of your
receiving as much as it is possible for you to receive of this
thing, and which may in some way be influenced by this ceremony. Amen."
Madrak, in _Creatures of Light and Darkness_, by Roger Zelazny
"An Academic speculated whether a bather is beautiful
if there is none in the forest to admire her. He hid
in the bushes to find out, which vitiated his premise
but made him happy.
Moral: Empiricism is more fun than speculation."
1 1 was a race-horse, 2 2 was 1 2. When 1 1 1 1 race, 2 2 1 1 2.
"I figured there was this holocaust, right, and the only ones left alive were
"Engineering meets art in the parking lot and things explode."
"Why can't we ever attempt to solve a problem in this country without having
a 'War' on it?" -- Rich Thomson, talk.politics.misc
Professional wrestling:  ballet for the common man.
"An idealist is one who, on noticing that a rose smells better than a
cabbage, concludes that it will also make better soup."
showed us these scratches on his chest.  "No, those are on my back," Colletti
answered.  "This is where a case of cocktail shrimp fell on me.  I told her
to slow down a little, but you know cocktail waitresses, they seem to have
a mind of their own."
"Never give in.  Never give in.  Never. Never. Never."
"Never ascribe to malice that which is caused by greed and ignorance."
"Despite its suffix, skepticism is not an "ism" in the sense of a belief
or dogma.  It is simply an approach to the problem of telling what is
counterfeit and what is genuine.  And a recognition of how costly it may
be to fail to do so.  To be a skeptic is to cultivate "street smarts" in
the battle for control of one's own mind, one's own money, one's own
allegiances.  To be a skeptic, in short, is to refuse to be a victim.
"If you want to know what happens to you when you die, go look at some dead
stuff."
"After one week [visiting Austria] I couldn't wait to go back to the United
States.  Everything was much more pleasant in the United States, because of
the mentality of being open-minded, always positive.  Everything you want to
do in Europe is just, 'No way.  No one has ever done it.'  They haven't any
more the desire to go out to conquer and achieve -- I realized that I had much
more the American spirit."
"I prefer rogues to imbeciles, because they sometimes take a rest."
include a disdain for ethics in general.  If you have to think about some-
thing so hard, then it's bullshit anyway; that's the idea.  Punks are anti-
ismists, to coin a term.  But nonetheless, they have a pretty clearly defined
stance and image, and THAT is what we hang the term `punk' on.
a similar fashion.  I don't think anybody really believes in a new, revolution-
ary literature --- I think they use `cyberpunk' as a term of convenience to
discuss the common stylistic elements in a small subset of recent sf books.
aren't on the *Officially Sanctioned Cyberpunk Reading List*.  Surely we
don't (any of us) really believe that there is some big, deep political and
philosophical message in all this, do we?  So if this `cyberpunk' thing is
just a term of convenience, how can somebody sell out?  If cyberpunk is just a
word we use to describe a particular style and imagery in sf, how can it be
dead?  Where are the profound statements that the `Movement' is or was trying
to make?
(and musical) works that possess a certain stylistic excellence and perhaps a
rather extreme perspective; this is what CP is all about, no?  Maybe there
should be a newsgroup like, say, alt.postmodern or something.  Something less
restrictive in scope than alt.cyberpunk.
"Everyone's head is a cheap movie show."
Life is full of concepts that are poorly defined.  In fact, there are very few
concepts that aren't.  It's hard to think of any in non-technical fields.
...cyberpunk wants to see the mind as mechanistic & duplicable,
challenging basic assumptions about the nature of individuality & self.
That seems all the better reason to assume that cyberpunk art & music is
essentially mindless garbagio. Willy certainly addressed this idea in
"Count Zero," with Katatonenkunst, the automatic box-maker and the girl's
observation that the real art was the building of the machine itself,
rather than its output.
It might be worth reflecting that this group was originally created
back in September of 1987 and has exchanged over 1200 messages.  The
original announcement for the group called for an all inclusive
discussion ranging from the writings of Gibson and Vinge and movies
like Bladerunner to real world things like Brands' description of the
work being done at the MIT Media Lab.  It was meant as a haven for
people with vision of this scope.  If you want to create a haven for
people with narrower visions, feel free.  But I feel sad for anyone
who thinks that alt.cyberpunk is such a monstrous group that it is in
dire need of being subdivided.  Heaven help them if they ever start
reading comp.arch or rec.arts.sf-lovers.
...I don't care for the term 'mechanistic'. The word 'cybernetic' is a lot
more apropos. The mechanistic world-view is falling further and further behind
the real world where even simple systems can produce the most marvelous
chaos.
As for the basic assumptions about individuality and self, this is the core
of what I like about cyberpunk. And it's the core of what I like about certain
pre-gibson neophile techie SF writers that certain folks here like to put
down. Not everyone makes the same assumptions. I haven't lost my mind... it's
backed up on tape.
Who are the artists in the Computer Graphics Show?  Wavefront's latest box, or
the people who programmed it?  Should Mandelbrot get all the credit for the
output of programs like MandelVroom?
Trailing Edge Technologies is pleased to announce the following
TETflame programme:
1) For a negotiated price (no quatloos accepted) one of our flaming
2) For a negotiated price (same arrangement) the TETflame programme
3) The TETflame flaming representatives include: Richard Sexton, Oleg
"As I was walking among the fires of Hell, delighted with the enjoyments of
proof by example:
proof by intimidation:
proof by vigorous handwaving:
proof by cumbersome notation:
proof by exhaustion:
proof by omission:
proof by obfuscation:
proof by wishful citation:
proof by funding:
proof by eminent authority:
proof by personal communication:
proof by reduction to the wrong problem:
proof by reference to inaccessible literature:
proof by importance:
proof by accumulated evidence:
proof by cosmology:
proof by mutual reference:
proof by metaproof:
proof by picture:
proof by vehement assertion:
proof by ghost reference:
proof by forward reference:
proof by semantic shift:
proof by appeal to intuition:
Seen on a button at an SF Convention:
Veteran of the Bermuda Triangle Expeditionary Force.  1990-1951.
"If people are good only because they fear punishment, and hope for reward,
then we are a sorry lot indeed."
"What is wanted is not the will to believe, but the will to find out, which is
the exact opposite."
"Were there no women, men might live like gods."
"Intelligence without character is a dangerous thing."
"It says he made us all to be just like him.  So if we're dumb, then god is
dumb, and maybe even a little ugly on the side."
"It's not just a computer -- it's your ass."
"Let me guess, Ed.  Pentescostal, right?"
"Nope.  Charismatic (I think - I've given up on what all those pesky labels
"Same difference - all zeal and feel, averaging less than one working brain
cell per congregation. Starcap'n Ra, you pegged him.  Good work!"
"BTW, does Jesus know you flame?"
"I've seen the forgeries I've sent out."
"Just out of curiosity does this actually mean something or have some
"Bite off, dirtball."
Richard Sexton, richard@gryphon.COM
"Oh my!  An `inflammatory attitude' in alt.flame?  Never heard of such
a thing..."
(null cookie; hope that's ok)
"In Christianity neither morality nor religion come into contact with reality
at any point."
"Who alone has reason to *lie himself out* of actuality?  He who *suffers*
"You who hate the Jews so, why did you adopt their religion?"
"Little prigs and three-quarter madmen may have the conceit that the laws of
nature are constantly broken for their sakes."
"Science makes godlike -- it is all over with priests and gods when man becomes
"Faith:  not *wanting* to know what is true."
>One basic notion underlying Usenet is that it is a cooperative.
Having been on USENET for going on ten years, I disagree with this.
The basic notion underlying USENET is the flame.
"Every group has a couple of experts.  And every group has at least one idiot.
Backed up the system lately?
"It doesn't much signify whom one marries for one is sure to find out next
morning it was someone else."
"If you are afraid of loneliness, don't marry."
"Love is an ideal thing, marriage a real thing; a confusion of the real with
the ideal never goes unpunished."
"In matrimony, to hesitate is sometimes to be saved."
"The great question... which I have not been able to answer... is, `What does
woman want?'"
"I have recently been examining all the known superstitions of the world,
Remember:  Silly is a state of Mind, Stupid is a way of Life.
"The preeminence of a learned man over a worshiper is equal to the preeminence
of the moon, at the night of the full moon, over all the stars.  Verily, the
learned men are the heirs of the Prophets."
"The clergy successfully preached the doctrines of patience and pusillanimity;
the active virtues of society were discouraged; and the last remains of a
military spirit were buried in the cloister: a large portion of public and
private wealth was consecrated to the specious demands of charity and devotion;
and the soldiers' pay was lavished on the useless multitudes of both sexes
who could only plead the merits of abstinence and chastity."
"The question is rather: if we ever succeed in making a mind 'of nuts and
bolts', how will we know we have succeeded?
"It will tell us."
"Inquiry is fatal to certainty."
"The Mets were great in 'sixty eight,
"On two occasions I have been asked [by members of Parliament!], 'Pray, Mr.
Babbage, if you put into the machine wrong figures, will the right answers
come out?'  I am not able rightly to apprehend the kind of confusion of ideas
that could provoke such a question."
"I call Christianity the *one* great curse, the *one* great intrinsic
depravity, the *one* great instinct for revenge for which no expedient
is sufficiently poisonous, secret, subterranean, *petty* -- I call it
the *one* mortal blemish of mankind."
"The fundamental purpose animating the Faith of God and His Religion is to
safeguard the interests and promote the unity of the human race, and to foster
the spirit of love and fellowship amongst men. Suffer it not to become a source
of dissension and discord, of hate and enmity."
"Religion is verily the chief instrument for the establishment of order in the
"Cogito ergo I'm right and you're wrong."
"...one of the main causes of the fall of the Roman Empire was that,
lacking zero, they had no way to indicate successful termination of
their C programs."
Q: Somebody just posted that Roman Polanski directed Star Wars.  What
should I do?
A: Post the correct answer at once!  We can't have people go on believing
that!  Very good of you to spot this.  You'll probably be the only one to
make the correction, so post as soon as you can.  No time to lose, so
certainly don't wait a day, or check to see if somebody else has made the
correction.
And it's not good enough to send the message by mail.  Since you're the
only one who really knows that it was Francis Coppola, you have to inform
the whole net right away!
Q: How can I choose what groups to post in?  ...
Q: How about an example?
A: Ok.  Let's say you want to report that Gretzky has been traded from the
Oilers to the Kings.  Now right away you might think rec.sport.hockey
would be enough.  WRONG.  Many more people might be interested.  This is a
big trade!  Since it's a NEWS article, it belongs in the news.* hierarchy
as well.  If you are a news admin, or there is one on your machine, try
news.admin.  If not, use news.misc.
The Oilers are probably interested in geology, so try sci.physics.  He is
a big star, so post to sci.astro, and sci.space because they are also
interested in stars.  Next, his name is Polish sounding.  So post to
soc.culture.polish.  But that group doesn't exist, so cross-post to
news.groups suggesting it should be created.  With this many groups of
interest, your article will be quite bizarre, so post to talk.bizarre as
well.  (And post to comp.std.mumps, since they hardly get any articles
there, and a "comp" group will propagate your article further.)
You may also find it is more fun to post the article once in each group.
If you list all the newsgroups in the same article, some newsreaders will
only show the article to the reader once!  Don't tolerate this.
Q: I cant spell worth a dam.  I hope your going too tell me what to do?
A: Don't worry about how your articles look.  Remember it's the message
that counts, not the way it's presented.  Ignore the fact that sloppy
spelling in a purely written forum sends out the same silent messages that
soiled clothing would when addressing an audience.
Q: They just announced on the radio that Dan Quayle was picked as the
Republican V.P. candidate.  Should I post?
A: Of course.  The net can reach people in as few as 3 to 5 days.  It's
the perfect way to inform people about such news events long after the
broadcast networks have covered them.  As you are probably the only person
to have heard the news on the radio, be sure to post as soon as you can.
What did Mickey Mouse get for Christmas?
A Dan Quayle watch.
Q:  What's the difference between a car salesman and a computer
A:  The car salesman can probably drive!
"Your stupidity, Allen, is simply not up to par."
"Yours is."
A selection from the Taoist Writings:
"Lao-Tan asked Confucius: `What do you mean by benevolence and righteousness?'
"Jesus saves...but Gretzky gets the rebound!"
"Anything created must necessarily be inferior to the essence of the creator."
"Einstein's mother must have been one heck of a physicist."
"Religion is something left over from the infancy of our intelligence, it will
fade away as we adopt reason and science as our guidelines."
"Lying lips are abomination to the Lord; but they that deal truly are his
"As an adolescent I aspired to lasting fame, I craved factual certainty, and
I thirsted for a meaningful vision of human life -- so I became a scientist.
This is like becoming an archbishop so you can meet girls."
Heisenberg might have been here.
"Any excuse will serve a tyrant."
"Experience has proved that some people indeed know everything."
How many Zen Buddhist does it take to change a light bulb?
Two.  One to change it and one not to change it.
"I prefer the blunted cudgels of the followers of the Serpent God."
"If I do not want others to quote me, I do not speak."
"my terminal is a lethal teaspoon."
"I am ... a woman ... and ... technically a parasitic uterine growth"
"Is it just me, or does anyone else read `bible humpers' every time
someone writes `bible thumpers?'
"Money is the root of all money."
"...Greg Nowak:  `Another flame from greg' - need I say more?"
"No.  You need to say less."
"And it's my opinion, and that's only my opinion, you are a lunatic.  Just
because there are a few hundred other people sharing your lunacy with you
does not make you any saner.  Doomed, eh?"
"Obedience.  A religion of slaves.  A religion of intellectual death.  I like
it.  Don't ask questions, don't think, obey the Word of the Lord -- as it
has been conveniently brought to you by a man in a Rolls with a heavy Rolex
on his wrist.  I like that job!  Where can I sign up?"
"Home life as we understand it is no more natural to us than a cage is to a
cockatoo."
"Marriage is like a cage; one sees the birds outside desperate to get in, and
those inside desperate to get out."
"For a male and female to live continuously together is...  biologically
speaking, an extremely unnatural condition."
"Marriage is low down, but you spend the rest of your life paying for it."
A man is not complete until he is married -- then he is finished.
Marriage is the sole cause of divorce.
Marriage is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.  Second marriage is
the triumph of hope over experience.
"The chain which can be yanked is not the eternal chain."
"Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company."
"I am convinced that the manufacturers of carpet odor removing powder have
"If there isn't a population problem, why is the government putting cancer in
the cigarettes?"
"If you don't want your dog to have bad breath, do what I do:  Pour a little
"Here's something to think about:  How come you never see a headline like
"Well hello there Charlie Brown, you blockhead."
"Time is an illusion.  Lunchtime doubly so."
"Ignorance is the soil in which belief in miracles grows."
"Let every man teach his son, teach his daughter, that labor is honorable."
"I have not the slightest confidence in 'spiritual manifestations.'"
"It is hard to overstate the debt that we owe to men and women of genius."
"Joy is wealth and love is the legal tender of the soul."
"The hands that help are better far than the lips that pray."
"It is the creationists who blasphemously are claiming that God is cheating
"No, no, I don't mind being called the smartest man in the world.  I just wish
"Be *excellent* to each other."
The Seventh Edition licensing procedures are, I suppose, still in effect,
though I doubt that tapes are available from AT&T.  At any rate, whatever
restrictions the license imposes still exist.  These restrictions were and
are reasonable for places that just want to run the system, but don't allow
many of the things that Minix was written for, like study of the source in
classes, or by individuals not in a university or company.
I've always thought that Minix was a fine idea, and competently done.
As for the size of v7, wc -l /usr/sys/*/*.[chs] is 19271.
"Our vision is to speed up time, eventually eliminating it." -- Alex Schure
"Love is a snowmobile racing across the tundra and then suddenly it flips
--Matt Groening
"I'm not afraid of dying, I just don't want to be there when it happens."
"The Street finds its own uses for technology."
"I see little divinity about them or you.  You talk to me of Christianity
when you are in the act of hanging your enemies.  Was there ever such
blasphemous nonsense!"
"You and I as individuals can, by borrowing, live beyond our means, but
only for a limited period of time.  Why should we think that collectively,
as a nation, we are not bound by that same limitation?"
"He did decide, though, that with more time and a great deal of mental effort,
he could probably turn the activity into an acceptable perversion."
"Conversion, fastidious Goddess, loves blood better than brick, and feasts
most subtly on the human will."
It's time to boot, do your boot ROMs know where your disk controllers are?
"What the scientists have in their briefcases is terrifying."
"...a most excellent barbarian ... Genghis Khan!"
"Pull the trigger and you're garbage."
"Oh what wouldn't I give to be spat at in the face..."
"Truth never comes into the world but like a bastard, to the ignominy
of him that brought her birth."
"If you can't debate me, then there is no way in hell you'll out-insult me."
"You may be wrong here, little one."
"Being both an EE and an asshole at the same time must be a terrible burden
"BYTE editors are men who separate the wheat from the chaff, and then
Very little happens on Usenet without some sort of response from some other
reader.  Fun With Usenet postings are no exception.  Since there are some who
might question the rationale of some of the excerpts included therein, I have
written up a list of guidelines that sum up the philosophy behind these
postings.
good reason, and I never cut them out without including ellipses.  For
instance, "I am not a goob" might become "I am ... a goob", but that's too
mundane to bother with.  "I'm flame proof" might (and has) become
"I'm ...a... p...oof" but that's REALLY stretching it.
put ellipses, but neither do I capitalize something that wasn't capitalized
before the cut. "I don't think that the Church of Ubizmo is a wonderful
place" would turn into "the Church of Ubizmo is a wonderful place".  Imagine
the posting as a tape-recording of the poster's thoughts.  If I can set
up the quote via fast-forwarding and stopping the tape, and without splicing,
I don't put ellipses in.  And by the way, I love using this mechanism for
turning things around.  If you think something stinks, say so - don't say you
don't think it's wonderful.   ...
"They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary
safety deserve neither liberty nor safety."
"I am, therefore I am."
"Stan and I thought that this experiment was so stupid, we decided to finance
"I have more information in one place than anybody in the world."
"It's what you learn after you know it all that counts."
#define  BX_(x)		((x) - (((x)>>1)&0x77777777)			\
"If you can write a nation's stories, you needn't worry about who makes its
"The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists
"We want to create puppets that pull their own strings."
"Would this make them Marionettes?"
On the subject of C program indentation:
"In My Egotistical Opinion, most people's C programs should be indented
There was, it appeared, a mysterious rite of initiation through which, in
one way or another, almost every member of the team passed.  The term that
the old hands used for this rite -- West invented the term, not the practice --
was `signing up.'  By signing up for the project you agreed to do whatever
was necessary for success.  You agreed to forsake, if necessary, family,
hobbies, and friends -- if you had any of these left (and you might not, if
you had signed up too many times before).
"By the time they had diminished from 50 to 8, the other dwarves began
to suspect "Hungry."
"But don't you see, the color of wine in a crystal glass can be spiritual.
"Love your country but never trust its government."
To update Voltaire, "I may kill all msgs from you, but I'll fight for
your right to post it, and I'll let it reside on my disks".
"Though a program be but three lines long,
someday it will have to be maintained."
"Turn on, tune up, rock out."
soda water |   tequila
"Of course power tools and alcohol don't mix.  Everyone knows power tools aren't
soluble in alcohol..."
"Life sucks, but death doesn't put out at all...."
"All over the place, from the popular culture to the propaganda system, there is
constant pressure to make people feel that they are helpless, that the only role
they can have is to ratify decisions and to consume."
"A complex system that works is invariably found to have evolved from a simple
system that worked."
"In my opinion, Richard Stallman wouldn't recognise terrorism if it
came up and bit him on his Internet."
I made it a rule to forbear all direct contradictions to the sentiments of
others, and all positive assertion of my own.  I even forbade myself the use
of every word or expression in the language that imported a fixed opinion,
such as "certainly", "undoubtedly", etc.   I adopted instead of them "I
conceive", "I apprehend", or "I imagine" a thing to be so or so; or "so it
appears to me at present".
When another asserted something that I thought an error, I denied myself the
pleasure of contradicting him abruptly, and of showing him immediately some
absurdity in his proposition.  In answering I began by observing that in
certain cases or circumstances his opinion would be right, but in the present
case there appeared or seemed to me some difference, etc.
I soon found the advantage of this change in my manner; the conversations I
engaged in went on more pleasantly.  The modest way in which I proposed my
opinions procured them a readier reception and less contradiction.  I had
less mortification when I was found to be in the wrong, and I more easily
prevailed with others to give up their mistakes and join with me when I
happened to be in the right.
"If I ever get around to writing that language depompisifier, it will change
almost all occurrences of the word "paradigm" into "example" or "model."
Contemptuous lights flashed across the computer's console.
"There must be some mistake," he said, "are you not a greater computer than
the Milliard Gargantubrain which can count all the atoms in a star in a
millisecond?"
"The Milliard Gargantubrain?" said Deep Thought with unconcealed contempt.
"A mere abacus.  Mention it not."
"But are you not," he said, "a more fiendish disputant than the Great Hyperlobic
Omni-Cognate Neutron Wrangler of Ciceronicus Twelve, the Magic and
Indefatigable?"
"The Great Hyperlobic Omni-Cognate Neutron Wrangler," said Deep Thought,
thoroughly rolling the r's, "could talk all four legs off an Arcturan
Mega-Donkey -- but only I could persuade it to go for a walk afterward."
If builders built buildings the way programmers write programs, Jolt Cola
would be a Fortune-500 company.
If builders built buildings the way programmers write programs, you'd be
able to buy a nice little colonial split-level at Babbages for $34.95.
If programmers wrote programs the way builders build buildings, we'd still
be using autocoder and running compile decks.
To err is human, to moo bovine.
"America is a stronger nation for the ACLU's uncompromising effort."
"The simple rights, the civil liberties from generations of struggle must not
be just fine words for patriotic holidays, words we subvert on weekdays, but
living, honored rules of conduct amongst us...I'm glad the American Civil
Liberties Union gets indignant, and I hope this will always be so."
"The ACLU has stood foursquare against the recurring tides of hysteria that
from time to time threaten freedoms everywhere... Indeed, it is difficult
to appreciate how far our freedoms might have eroded had it not been for the
Union's valiant representation in the courts of the constitutional rights
of people of all persuasions, no matter how unpopular or even despised
by the majority they were at the time."
"The strength of the Constitution lies entirely in the determination of each
citizen to defend it.  Only if every single citizen feels duty bound to do
his share in this defense are the constitutional rights secure."
"Well I don't see why I have to make one man miserable when I can make so many
men happy."
"And it should be the law: If you use the word `paradigm' without knowing what
the dictionary says it means, you go to jail. No exceptions."
"Luke, I'm yer father, eh.  Come over to the dark side, you hoser."
"Let's not be too tough on our own ignorance.  It's the thing that makes
"The History of every major Galactic Civilization tends to pass through
three distinct and recognizable phases, those of Survival, Inquiry and
Sophistication, otherwise known as the How, Why and Where phases.
"For instance, the first phase is characterized by the question 'How can
we eat?' the second by the question 'Why do we eat?' and the third by
the question 'Where shall we have lunch?'"
"Don't think; let the machine do it for you!"
"It follows that any commander in chief who undertakes to carry out a plan
than be the instrument of his army's downfall."
"(The Chief Programmer) personally defines the functional and performance
"It ain't over until it's over."
"If anything can go wrong, it will."
"Yo baby yo baby yo."
"You must learn to run your kayak by a sort of ju-jitsu.  You must learn to
Everyone who comes in here wants three things:
I tell 'em to pick two and call me back.
"More software projects have gone awry for lack of calendar time than for all
panic: kernel trap (ignored)
"Nuclear war can ruin your whole compile."
"Remember, extremism in the nondefense of moderation is not a virtue."
"We dedicated ourselves to a powerful idea -- organic law rather than naked
"What man has done, man can aspire to do."
"Well, it don't make the sun shine, but at least it don't deepen the shit."
"If you can, help others.  If you can't, at least don't hurt others."
To the systems programmer, users and applications serve only to provide a
test load.
"Just think, with VLSI we can have 100 ENIACS on a chip!"
"...Local prohibitions cannot block advances in military and commercial
"The rotter who simpers that he sees no difference between a five-dollar bill
and a whip deserves to learn the difference on his own back -- as, I think, he
will."
"If a nation values anything more than freedom, it will lose its freedom; and
"Pardon me for breathing, which I never do anyway so I don't know why I bother
One of the major difficulties Trillian experienced in her relationship with
Zaphod was learning to distinguish between him pretending to be stupid just
to get people off their guard, pretending to be stupid because he couldn't
be bothered to think and wanted someone else to do it for him, pretending
to be so outrageously stupid to hide the fact that he actually didn't
understand what was going on, and really being genuinely stupid.  He was
renowned for being quite clever and quite clearly was so -- but not all the
time, which obviously worried him, hence the act.  He preferred people to be
puzzled rather than contemptuous.  This above all appeared to Trillian to be
genuinely stupid, but she could no longer be bothered to argue about.
Far back in the mists of ancient time, in the great and glorious days of the
former Galactic Empire, life was wild, rich and largely tax free.
Mighty starships plied their way between exotic suns, seeking adventure and
reward among the furthest reaches of Galactic space.  In those days, spirits
were brave, the stakes were high, men were real men, women were real women
and small furry creatures from Alpha Centauri were real small furry creatures
from Alpha Centauri.  And all dared to brave unknown terrors, to do mighty
deeds, to boldly split infinitives that no man had split before -- and thus
was the Empire forged.
"Gort, klaatu nikto barada."
> From MAILER-DAEMON@Think.COM Thu Mar  2 13:59:11 1989
> Subject: Returned mail: unknown mailer error 255
"Dale, your address no longer functions.  Can you fix it at your end?"
"Bill, Your brain no longer functions.  Can you fix it at your end?"
"Don't drop acid, take it pass-fail!"
"I got a question for ya.  Ya got a minute?"
I took a fish head to the movies and I didn't have to pay.
What hath Bob wrought?
"I don't know where we come from,
"Help Mr. Wizard!"
"The lawgiver, of all beings, most owes the law allegiance.
"Unlike most net.puritans, however, I feel that what OTHER consenting computers
"Don't talk to me about disclaimers!  I invented disclaimers!"
'On this point we want to be perfectly clear: socialism has nothing to do
with equalizing.  Socialism cannot ensure conditions of life and
consumption in accordance with the principle "From each according to his
ability, to each according to his needs."  This will be under communism.
Socialism has a different criterion for distributing social benefits:
"From each according to his ability, to each according to his work."'
"Cable is not a luxury, since many areas have poor TV reception."
[apparently, good TV reception is a basic necessity -- at least in Tucson  -kl]
"All the system's paths must be topologically and circularly interrelated for
"One thing they don't tell you about doing experimental physics is that
"It's when they say 2 + 2 = 5 that I begin to argue."
"None of our men are "experts."  We have most unfortunately found it necessary
to get rid of a man as soon as he thinks himself an expert -- because no one
ever considers himself expert if he really knows his job.  A man who knows a
job sees so much more to be done than he has done, that he is always pressing
forward and never gives up an instant of thought to how good and how efficient
he is.  Thinking always ahead, thinking always of trying to do more, brings a
state of mind in which nothing is impossible. The moment one gets into the
"expert" state of mind a great number of things become impossible."
"The NY Times is read by the people who run the country.  The Washington Post
is read by the people who think they run the country.   The National Enquirer
is read by the people who think Elvis is alive and running the country..."
matter.  'I' do not matter.  No word matters.  But man forgets reality
and remembers words.  The more words he remembers, the cleverer do his
fellows esteem him.  He looks upon the great transformations of the
world, but he does not see them as they were seen when man looked upon
reality for the first time.  Their names come to his lips and he smiles
as he tastes them, thinking he knows them in the naming."
"Irrigation of the land with seawater desalinated by fusion power is ancient.
It's called 'rain'."
"The bad reputation UNIX has gotten is totally undeserved, laid on by people
"We scientists, whose tragic destiny it has been to make the methods of
annihilation ever more gruesome and more effective, must consider it our solemn
and transcendent duty to do all in our power in preventing these weapons from
being used for the brutal purpose for which they were invented."
"You can have my Unix system when you pry it from my cold, dead fingers."
We'll be more than happy to do so once Jim shows the slightest sign
of interest in fixing his proposal to deal with the technical
arguments that have *already* been made.  Most engineers have
learned there is little to be gained in fine-tuning the valve timing
on a gasoline-powered internal combustion engine when the pistons
and crankshaft are missing...
It's always sad when the fleas leave, because that means your dog is dead.
You know, the very powerful and the very stupid have one thing in common:
they dont alter their views to fit the facts; they alter the facts to fit
their views.
A straight line may be the shortest distance between two points,
but it is by no means the most interesting.
1/2 oz. gin
1/2 oz. vodka
1/2 oz. rum (preferably dark)
3/4 oz. tequila
1/2 oz. triple sec
1/2 oz. orange juice
3/4 oz. sour mix
1/2 oz. cola
shake with ice and strain into frosted glass.
6 oz. orange juice
1 oz. vodka
1/2 oz. Galliano
A beer delayed is a beer denied.
A couple more shots of whiskey, women 'round here start looking good.
A guy walks into a bar, orders a beer, carries it to the bathroom and dumps it
into a urinal.  Over the course of the next few hours, he goes back to the bar
and repeats this sequence -- several times.  Finally the bartender got so
curious that he leaned over the bar and asked him what he was doing.
Replied the customer, "Avoiding the middleman."
A prohibitionist is the sort of man one wouldn't care to drink with
-- even if he drank.
Absinthe makes the tart grow fonder.
Alcohol is the anesthesia by which we endure the operation of life.
Alcohol, hashish, prussic acid, strychnine are weak dilutions. The surest
poison is time.
Alcoholics Anonymous is when you get to drink under someone else's name.
Always store beer in a dark place.
An alcoholic is someone you don't like who drinks as much as you do.
And you can't get any Watney's Red Barrel,
because the bars close every time you're thirsty...
Be wary of strong drink.  It can make you shoot at tax collectors and miss.
Because the wine remembers.
Beer & Pretzels -- Breakfast of Champions.
Beer -- it's not just for breakfast anymore.
Beggar to well-dressed businessman:
Best Beer: A panel of tasters assembled by the Consumer's Union in 1969
judged Coors and Miller's High Life to be among the very best. Those who
doubt that beer is a serious subject might ponder its effect on American
history. For example, New England's first colonists decided to drop anchor
at Plymouth Rock instead of continuing on to Virginia because, as one of
them put it, "We could not now take time for further consideration, our
victuals being spent and especially our beer."
Booze is the answer.  I don't remember the question.
Brandy-and-water spoils two good things.
But, officer, he's not drunk, I just saw his fingers twitch!
Cerebus:	I'd love to lick apricot brandy out of your navel.
Jaka:		Look, Cerebus-- Jaka has to tell you ... something
Cerebus:	If Cerebus had a navel, would you lick apricot brandy out of it?
Jaka:		Ugh!
Cerebus:	You don't like apricot brandy?
Claret is the liquor for boys; port for men; but he who aspires to be a hero
... must drink brandy.
Climbing onto a bar stool, a piece of string asked for a beer.
me," it said, "would you shred my ends and tie me up like a pretzel?"  The
passer-by obliged, and the string re-entered the bar.  "May I have a beer,
please?" it asked the bartender.
"Hey, aren't you the string I just threw out of here?"
Coach: Can I draw you a beer, Norm?
Norm:  No, I know what they look like.  Just pour me one.
Coach: How about a beer, Norm?
Norm:  Hey I'm high on life, Coach.  Of course, beer is my life.
Coach: How's a beer sound, Norm?
Norm:  I dunno.  I usually finish them before they get a word in.
Coach: How's it going, Norm?
Norm:  Daddy's rich and Momma's good lookin'.
Sam:   What's up, Norm?
Norm:  My nipples.  It's freezing out there.
Coach: What's the story, Norm?
Norm:  Thirsty guy walks into a bar.  You finish it.
Coach: What would you say to a beer, Normie?
Norm:  Daddy wuvs you.
Sam:  What'd you like, Normie?
Norm: A reason to live.  Gimme another beer.
Sam:  What will you have, Norm?
Norm: Well, I'm in a gambling mood, Sammy.  I'll take a glass of whatever
Sam:  Oh, looks like beer, Norm.
Norm: Call me Mister Lucky.
Coach: What's up, Norm?
Norm:  Corners of my mouth, Coach.
Coach:  What's shaking, Norm?
Norm:   All four cheeks and a couple of chins, Coach.
Coach:  Beer, Normie?
Norm:   Uh, Coach, I dunno, I had one this week.  Eh, why not, I'm still young.
Come quickly, I am tasting stars!
Come, landlord, fill the flowing bowl until it does run over,
Tonight we will all merry be -- tomorrow we'll get sober.
Don't drink when you drive -- you might hit a bump and spill it.
Don't smoke the next cigarette.  Repeat.
Drink Canada Dry!  You might not succeed, but it *__is* fun trying.
Drinking coffee for instant relaxation?  That's like drinking alcohol for
instant motor skills.
Drinking is not a spectator sport.
Drinking makes such fools of people, and people are such fools to begin
with, that it's compounding a felony.
Drunks are rarely amusing unless they know some good songs and lose a
lot a poker.
Eggnog is a traditional holiday drink invented by the English.  Many
people wonder where the word "eggnog" comes from.  The first syllable
comes from the English word "egg", meaning "egg".  I don't know where
the "nog" comes from.
To make eggnog, you'll need rum, whiskey, wine gin and, if they are in
season, eggs...
ELECTRIC JELL-O
2   boxes JELL-O brand gelatin	2 packages Knox brand unflavored gelatin
2   cups fruit (any variety)	2+ cups water
1/2 bottle Everclear brand grain alcohol
Mix JELL-O and Knox gelatin into 2 cups of boiling water.  Stir 'til
Pour hot mixture into a flat pan.  (JELL-O molds won't work.)
Stir in grain alcohol instead of usual cold water.  Remove any congealing
Pour in fruit to desired taste, and to absorb any excess alcohol.
Mix in some cold water to dilute the alcohol and make it easier to eat for
Refrigerate overnight to allow mixture to fully harden. (About 8-12 hours.)
Cut into squares and enjoy!
WARNING:
Every morning is a Smirnoff morning.
Excellent day for drinking heavily.  Spike the office water cooler.
other, admiring your Christmas-tree ornaments, singing carols around
the upright piano, sipping at their drinks and nibbling hors d'oeuvres.
to each other, and sometimes to nobody at all, rearranging your
Christmas-tree ornaments, singing "I Gotta Be Me" around the upright
piano, gulping their drinks and wolfing down hors d'oeuvres.
inanimate objects, singing "I can't get no satisfaction," gulping down
other peoples' drinks, wolfing down Christmas tree ornaments and
placing hors d'oeuvres in the upright piano to see what happens when
the little hammers strike.
their naked bodies are performing a ritual dance around the burning
Christmas tree.  The piano is missing.
you rent your home and own Firearms, in which case you can go to level
4.  The best way to get to level 3 is egg-nog.
Fishing, with me, has always been an excuse to drink in the daytime.
Fortune finishes the great quotations, #17
FORTUNE'S FAVORITE RECIPES: #8
1 or 2 quarts rum		1 tbsp. baking powder
1 cup butter			1 tsp. soda
1 tsp. sugar			1 tbsp. lemon juice
2 large eggs			2 cups brown sugar
2 cups dried assorted fruit	3 cups chopped English walnuts
Before you start, sample the rum to check for quality.  Good, isn't it?  Now
select a large mixing bowl, measuring cup, etc.  Check the rum again.  It
must be just right.  Be sure the rum is of the highest quality.  Pour one cup
of rum into a glass and drink it as fast as you can.  Repeat. With an electric
mixer, beat one cup butter in a large fluffy bowl.  Add 1 seaspoon of tugar
and beat again.  Meanwhile, make sure the rum is the absolutely highest quality.
Sample another cup.  Open second quart as necessary.  Add 2 orge laggs, 2 cups
of fried druit and beat until high.  If the fried druit gets stuck in the
beaters, just pry it loose with a screwdriver.  Sample the rum again, checking
for toncisticity.  Next sift 3 cups of baking powder, a pinch of rum, a
seaspoon of toda and a cup of pepper or salt (it really doesn't matter).
Sample some more.  Sift 912 pint of lemon juice.  Fold in schopped butter and
strained chups.  Add bablespoon of brown gugar, or whatever color you have.
Mix mell.  Grease oven and turn cake pan to 350 gredees and rake until
poothtick comes out crean.
FORTUNE'S PARTY TIPS		#14
Tired of finding that other people are helping themselves to your good
liquor at BYOB parties?  Take along a candle, which you insert and
light after you've opened the bottle.  No one ever expects anything
drinkable to be in a bottle which has a candle stuck in its neck.
Glogg (a traditional Scandinavian holiday drink):
for the faint of heart) in a big pot after adding all the other stuff EXCEPT
the sugar cubes.  Just when it reaches boiling, put the sugar in a wire
strainer, moisten it in the hot brew, lift it out and ignite it with a match.
Dip the sugar several times in the liquid until it is all dissolved.  Serve
hot in cups with a few raisins and almonds in each cup.
if you really have a deep-seated desire to be fussy, or if you are of Swedish
extraction.
Halley's Comet: It came, we saw, we drank.
Harry's bar has a new cocktail.  It's called MRS punch.  They make it with
milk, rum and sugar and it's wonderful.  The milk is for vitality and the
sugar is for pep.  They put in the rum so that people will know what to do
with all that pep and vitality.
Having a wonderful wine, wish you were beer.
Having wandered helplessly into a blinding snowstorm Sam was greatly
relieved to see a sturdy Saint Bernard dog bounding toward him with
the traditional keg of brandy strapped to his collar.
He knew the tavernes well in every toun.
He's just like Capistrano, always ready for a few swallows.
"Hey!  Who took the cork off my lunch??!"
HOGAN'S HEROES DRINKING GAME --
-- Sergeant Schultz says, "I knoooooowww nooooothing!"
-- General Burkhalter or Major Hochstetter intimidate/insult Colonel Klink.
-- Colonel Klink falls for Colonel Hogan's flattery.
-- One of the prisoners sneaks out of camp (one shot for each prisoner to go).
-- Colonel Klink snaps to attention after answering the phone (two shots
-- One of the Germans is threatened with being sent to the Russian front.
-- Corporal Newkirk calls up a German in his phoney German accent, and
-- Hogan has a romantic interlude with a beautiful girl from the underground.
-- Colonel Klink relates how he's never had an escape from Stalag 13.
-- Sergeant Schultz gives up a secret (two shots if he's bribed with food).
-- The prisoners listen to the Germans' conversation by a hidden transmitter.
-- Sergeant Schultz "captures" one of the prisoners after an escape.
-- Lebeau pronounces "colonel" as "cuh-loh-`nell".
-- Carter builds some kind of device (two shots if it's not explosive).
-- Lebeau wears his apron.
-- Hogan says "We've got no choice" when someone claims that the plan is
I can't die until the government finds a safe place to bury my liver.
I distrust a man who says when.  If he's got to be careful not to drink
too much, it's because he's not to be trusted when he does.
I don't drink, I don't like it, it makes me feel too good.
I drink to make other people interesting.
I gave up Smoking, Drinking and Sex.  It was the most
*__________horrifying* 20 minutes of my life!
I have just had eighteen whiskeys in a row.  I do believe that is a record.
I have to think hard to name an interesting man who does not drink.
I kissed my first girl and smoked my first cigarette on the same day.
I haven't had time for tobacco since.
I may not be able to walk, but I drive from a sitting position.
I must get out of these wet clothes and into a dry Martini.
I never said all Democrats were saloonkeepers; what I said was all
saloonkeepers were Democrats.
I never take work home with me; I always leave it in some bar along the way.
I suppose that in a few hours I will sober up. That's such a sad
thought. I think I'll have a few more drinks to prepare myself.
I used to have a drinking problem.  Now I love the stuff.
I will not drink!
But if I do...
I will not get drunk!
I will not in public!
I will not fall down!
I will fall face down so that they cannot see my company badge.
I wish you were a Scotch on the rocks.
I'd like to meet the guy who invented beer and see what he's working on now.
I'd rather have a free bottle in front of me than a prefrontal lobotomy.
[Also attributed to S. Clay Wilson.  Ed.]
I'm not under the alkafluence of inkahol
that some thinkle peep I am.
It's just the drunker I sit here the longer I get.
I've always felt sorry for people that don't drink -- remember,
when they wake up, that's as good as they're gonna feel all day!
I've always made it a solemn practice to never drink anything stronger
than tequila before breakfast.
I've never been drunk, but often I've been overserved.
If God had intended Man to Smoke, He would have set him on Fire.
If God had intended Men to Smoke, He would have put Chimneys in their Heads.
If I knew what brand [of whiskey] he drinks, I would send a barrel or
so to my other generals.
If people drank ink instead of Schlitz, they'd be better off.
[What brand of ink?  Ed.]
If you don't drink it, someone else will.
If you drink, don't park.  Accidents make people.
In 1967, the Soviet Government minted a beautiful silver ruble with Lenin
in a very familiar pose -- arms raised above him, leading the country to
revolution.  But, it was clear to everybody, that if you looked at it from
behind, it was clear that Lenin was pointing to 11:00, when the Vodka
shops opened, and was actually saying, "Comrades, forward to the Vodka shops.
It became fashionable, when one wanted to have a drink, to take out the
ruble and say, "Oh my goodness, Comrades, Lenin tells me we should go.
In a bottle, the neck is always at the top.
In a gathering of two or more people, when a lighted cigarette is
placed in an ashtray, the smoke will waft into the face of the non-smoker.
In a whiskey it's age, in a cigarette it's taste and in a sports car
it's impossible.
In vino veritas.
It has been said that Public Relations is the art of winning friends
and getting people under the influence.
It's a brave man who, when things are at their darkest, can kick back and party!
It's gonna be alright,
It's almost midnight,
And I've got two more bottles of wine.
It's the same old story; boy meets beer, boy drinks beer... boy gets
another beer.
It's useless to try to hold some people to anything they say while they're
madly in love, drunk, or running for office.
Keep America beautiful.  Swallow your beer cans.
Kiss a non-smoker; taste the difference.
Kissing a smoker is like licking an ashtray.
Lady Astor was giving a costume ball and Winston Churchill asked her what
disguise she would recommend for him.  She replied, "Why don't you come
sober, Mr. Prime Minister?"
Let the worthy citizens of Chicago get their liquor the best way
they can. I'm sick of the job.  It's a thankless one and full of grief.
Life, like beer, is merely borrowed.
Look at it this way: Your daughter just named the fresh turkey you brought
home "Cuddles", so you're going out to buy a canned ham.  And you're still
drinking ordinary scotch?
Look at it this way: Your wife's spending $280 a month on meditation lessons to
forget $26,000 of college education. And you're still drinking ordinary scotch?
Marvin the Nature Lover spied a grasshopper hopping along in the grass,
and in a mood for communing with nature, rare even among full-fledged
Nature Lovers, he spoke to the grasshopper, saying: "Hello, friend
grasshopper.  Did you know they've named a drink after you?"
named a drink Fred?"
"Mind if I smoke?"
My mother drinks to forget she drinks.
My uncle was the town drunk -- and we lived in Chicago.
Never delay the ending of a meeting or the beginning of a cocktail hour.
Never drink from your finger bowl -- it contains only water.
No, I don't have a drinking problem.
I drink, I get drunk, I fall down.
No problem!
[Norm comes in with an attractive woman.]
Coach:  Normie, Normie, could this be Vera?
Norm:   With a lot of expensive surgery, maybe.
Coach:  What's up, Normie?
Norm:   The temperature under my collar, Coach.
Coach:  What would you say to a nice beer, Normie?
Norm:   Going down?
[Norm goes into the bar at Vic's Bowl-A-Rama.]
Off-screen crowd:  Norm!
Sam:   How the hell do they know him here?
Cliff: He's got a life, you know.
Woody: What can I do for you, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Elope with my wife.
Woody: How's life, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Oh, I'm waiting for the movie.
[Norm is angry.]
Woody: What can I get you, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Clifford Clavin's head.
Sam:  Hey, what's happening, Norm?
Norm: Well, it's a dog-eat-dog world, Sammy,
Sam:  How's life in the fast lane, Normie?
Norm: Beats me, I can't find the on-ramp.
[Norm returns from the hospital.]
Coach:  What's up, Norm?
Norm:   Everything that's supposed to be.
Sam:  What's new, Normie?
Norm: Terrorists, Sam.  They've taken over my stomach.  They're demanding beer.
Coach: What'll it be, Normie?
Norm:  Just the usual, Coach.  I'll have a froth of beer and a snorkel.
[Norm tries to prove that he is not Anton Kreitzer.]
Norm:  Afternoon, everybody!
All:   Anton!
Woody: What's going on, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  A flashing sign in my gut that says, ``Insert beer here.''
Sam:  What can I get you, Norm?
Norm: [scratching his beard] Got any flea powder?  Ah, just kidding.
Norm:  Gentlemen, start your taps.
Coach: How's life treating you, Norm?
Norm:  Like it caught me in bed with his wife.
Coach: How's life, Norm?
Norm:  Not for the squeamish, Coach.
Norm:  Hey, everybody.
All:   [silence; everybody is mad at Norm for being rich.]
Norm:  [Carries on both sides of the conversation himself.]
Woody: What's the latest, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Zsa-Zsa marries a millionaire, Peterson drinks a beer.
Woody: How are you today, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Never been better, Woody. ... Just once I'd like to be better.
Not all men who drink are poets.  Some of us drink because we aren't poets.
Not drinking, chasing women, or doing drugs won't make you live longer --
it just seems that way.
NOTICE:
Now is the time for drinking; now the time to beat the earth with
unfettered foot.
Of course power tools and alcohol don't mix.  Everyone knows power
tools aren't soluble in alcohol...
Old Grandad is dead but his spirits live on.
One dusty July afternoon, somewhere around the turn of the century, Patrick
Malone was in Mulcahey's Bar, bending an elbow with the other street car
conductors from the Brooklyn Traction Company.  While they were discussing the
merits of a local ring hero, the bar goes silent.  Malone turns around to see
his wife, with a face grim as death, stalking to the bar.
full five feet five inches and says to Mulcahey, "Give me what himself has
been havin' all these years."
Malone.  He sets out a glass and pours her a triple shot of Rye.  The bar is
totally silent as they watch the woman pick up the glass and knock back the
drink.  She slams the glass down on the bar, gasps, shudders slightly, and
passes out; falling straight back, stiff as a board, saved from sudden contact
with the barroom floor by the ample belly of Seamus Fogerty.
head.  Her bloodshot eyes fell upon her husband, who says, "And all these
years you've been thinkin' I've been enjoying meself."
Only Irish coffee provides in a single glass all four essential food groups --
alcohol, caffeine, sugar, and fat.
PLEASE DON'T SMOKE HERE!
Penalty: An early, lingering death from cancer,
Police:	Good evening, are you the host?
Host:	No.
Police:	We've been getting complaints about this party.
Host:	About the drugs?
Police:	No.
Host:	About the guns, then?  Is somebody complaining about the guns?
Police:	No, the noise.
Host:	Oh, the noise.  Well that makes sense because there are no guns
Police:	No, the neighbors fled inland hours ago.  Most of the recent
Host:	No Problem.  (At this point, a Volkswagon bug with primitive
Preserve Wildlife!  Throw a party today!
Recipe for a Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster:
Riffle West Virginia is so small that the Boy Scout had to double as the
town drunk.
Romance, like alcohol, should be enjoyed, but should not be allowed to
become necessary.
Said the attractive, cigar-smoking housewife to her girl-friend: "I got
started one night when George came home and found one burning in the ashtray."
Sam:   What do you know there, Norm?
Norm:  How to sit.  How to drink.  Want to quiz me?
Sam:   Hey, how's life treating you there, Norm?
Norm:  Beats me. ...  Then it kicks me and leaves me for dead.
Woody: How would a beer feel, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Pretty nervous if I was in the room.
Sam:   What's the good word, Norm?
Norm:  Plop, plop, fizz, fizz.
Sam:   Oh no, not the Hungry Heifer...
Norm:  Yeah, yeah, yeah...
Sam:   One heartburn cocktail coming up.
Sam:   Whaddya say, Norm?
Norm:  Well, I never met a beer I didn't drink.  And down it goes.
Woody:  What's your pleasure, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:   Boxer shorts and loose shoes.  But I'll settle for a beer.
Sam:  What do you say, Norm?
Norm: Any cheap, tawdry thing that'll get me a beer.
Sam:  What do you say to a beer, Normie?
Norm: Hiya, sailor.  New in town?
Norm: [coming in from the rain] Evening, everybody.
All:  Norm!  (Norman.)
Sam:  Still pouring, Norm?
Norm: That's funny, I was about to ask you the same thing.
Sam:  What's going on, Normie?
Norm: My birthday, Sammy.  Give me a beer, stick a candle in
Woody: Hey, Mr. P.  How goes the search for Mr. Clavin?
Norm:  Not as well as the search for Mr. Donut.
Sam:  What's new, Norm?
Norm: Most of my wife.
Coach: Beer, Norm?
Norm:  Naah, I'd probably just drink it.
Coach: What's doing, Norm?
Norm:  Well, science is seeking a cure for thirst.  I happen
Show respect for age.  Drink good Scotch for a change.
Sleep -- the most beautiful experience in life -- except drink.
SMOKING IS NOW ALLOWED !!!
Smoking is one of the leading causes of statistics.
Smoking is, as far as I'm concerned, the entire point of being an adult.
Smoking Prohibited.  Absolutely no ifs, ands, or butts.
So, is the glass half empty, half full, or just twice as
large as it needs to be?
Some people have no respect for age unless it's bottled.
Sometimes I simply feel that the whole world is a cigarette and I'm the
only ashtray.
largest cruise ship in the world.  The bottle alone cost 8,000 dollars
to produce and they only made 8 of them.
Symptom:		Drinking fails to give taste and satisfaction, beer is
Problem:		Glass empty.
Action Required:	Find someone who will buy you another beer.
Symptom:		Drinking fails to give taste and satisfaction,
Fault:			Mouth not open when drinking or glass applied to
Action Required:	Buy another beer and practice in front of mirror.
Symptom:		Everything has gone dark.
Fault:			The Bar is closing.
Action Required:	Panic.
Symptom:		You awaken to find your bed hard, cold and wet.
Fault:			You have spent the night in the gutter.
Action Required:	Check your watch to see if bars are open yet.  If not,
Symptom:		Feet cold and wet, glass empty.
Fault:			Glass being held at incorrect angle.
Action Required:	Turn glass other way up so that open end points
Symptom:		Feet warm and wet.
Fault:			Improper bladder control.
Action Required:	Go stand next to nearest dog.  After a while complain
Symptom:		Floor blurred.
Fault:			You are looking through bottom of empty glass.
Symptom:		Floor moving.
Fault:			You are being carried out.
Action Required:	Find out if you are taken to another bar.  If not,
Symptom:		Floor swaying.
Fault:			Excessive air turbulence, perhaps due to air-hockey
Action Required:	Insert broom handle down back of jacket.
Symptom:		Everything has gone dim, strange taste of peanuts
Fault:			You have fallen forward.
Action Required:	See above.
Symptom:		Opposite wall covered with acoustic tile and several
Fault:			You have fallen over backward.
Action Required:	If your glass is full and no one is standing on your
Take me drunk, I'm home again!
The best audience is intelligent, well-educated and a little drunk.
The best way to preserve a right is to exercise it, and the right to
smoke is a right worth dying for.
The Celts invented two things, Whiskey and self-destruction.
The church is near but the road is icy; the bar is far away but I will
walk carefully.
The cost of living has just gone up another dollar a quart.
The father, passing through his son's college town late one evening on a
business trip, thought he would pay his boy a surprise visit.  Arriving at the
lad's fraternity house, dad rapped loudly on the door.  After several minutes
of knocking, a sleepy voice drifted down from a second-floor window,
The mark of a good party is that you wake up the next morning wanting to
change your name and start a new life in different city.
The search for the perfect martini is a fraud.  The perfect martini is
a belt of gin from the bottle; anything else is the decadent trappings
of civilization.
The telephone is a good way to talk to people without having to offer
them a drink.
The verdict of a jury is the a priori opinion of that juror who smokes
the worst cigars.
The water was not fit to drink.  To make it palatable, we had to add whiskey.
By diligent effort, I learned to like it.
"The whole world is about three drinks behind."
The wise and intelligent are coming belatedly to realize that alcohol, and
not the dog, is man's best friend.  Rover is taking a beating -- and he should.
There are more old drunkards than old doctors.
There are only two kinds of tequila.  Good and better.
There are two problems with a major hangover.  You feel
like you are going to die and you're afraid that you won't.
There be sober men a'plenty, and drunkards barely twenty; there are men
of over ninety who have never yet kissed a girl.  But give me the rambling
rover, from Orkney down to Dover, we will roam the whole world over, and
together we'll face the world.
There is nothing wrong with abstinence, in moderation.
There will always be beer cans rolling on the floor of your car when
the boss asks for a lift home from the office.
These days the necessities of life cost you about three times what they
used to, and half the time they aren't even fit to drink.
To one large turkey add one gallon of vermouth and a demijohn of Angostura
bitters.  Shake.
Too ripped.  Gotta go.
Toothpaste never hurts the taste of good scotch.
Two friends were out drinking when suddenly one lurched backward off his
barstool and lay motionless on the floor.
knows when to stop."
Vermouth always makes me brilliant unless it makes me idiotic.
We don't smoke and we don't chew, and we don't go with girls that do.
What scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch?
When all else fails, pour a pint of Guinness in the gas tank, advance
the spark 20 degrees, cry "God Save the Queen!", and pull the starter knob.
When I drink, *everybody* drinks!" a man shouted to the assembled bar patrons.
A loud general cheer went up.  After downing his whiskey, he hopped onto a
barstool and shouted "When I take another drink, *everybody* takes another
drink!"  The announcement produced another cheer and another round of drinks.
onto the stool.  "And when I pay," he bellowed, slapping five dollars onto
the bar, "*everybody* pays!"
When I heated my home with oil, I used an average of 800 gallons a year.  I
have found that I can keep comfortably warm for an entire winter with
slightly over half that quantity of beer.
When I sell liquor, it's called bootlegging; when my patrons serve
it on silver trays on Lake Shore Drive, it's called hospitality.
When the cup is full, carry it level.
When the going gets tough, the tough go grab a beer.
inquired of Oscar Wilde, "You don't mind if I smoke, do you?"
you burn, madam."
Who needs friends when you can sit alone in your room and drink?
Why on earth do people buy old bottles of wine when they can get a
fresh one for a quarter of the price?
Woman on Street:	Sir, you are drunk; very, very drunk.
Winston Churchill:	Madame, you are ugly; very, very ugly.
Wonderful day.  Your hangover just makes it seem terrible.
Woody:  What's the story, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:   The Bobbsey twins go to the brewery.
Woody:  Hey, Mr. Peterson, there's a cold one waiting for you.
Norm:   I know, and if she calls, I'm not here.
Sam:  Beer, Norm?
Norm: Have I gotten that predictable?  Good.
Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, Jack Frost nipping at your nose?
Norm:  Yep, now let's get Joe Beer nipping at my liver, huh?
Sam:  What are you up to Norm?
Norm: My ideal weight if I were eleven feet tall.
Woody: Nice cold beer coming up, Mr. Peterson.
Norm:  You mean, `Nice cold beer going *down* Mr. Peterson.'
Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, what do you say to a cold one?
Norm:  See you later, Vera, I'll be at Cheers.
Sam:   Well, look at you.  You look like the cat that swallowed the canary.
Norm:  And I need a beer to wash him down.
Woody:  Would you like a beer, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:   No, I'd like a dead cat in a glass.
Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, what's up?
Norm:  The warranty on my liver.
Sam:  What can I do for you, Norm?
Norm: Open up those beer taps and, oh, take the day off, Sam.
Norm:  Another layer for the winter, Wood.
Woody: How are you feeling today, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Poor.
Woody: Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
Norm:  No, I meant `pour'.
Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, what's the story?
Norm:  Boy meets beer.  Boy drinks beer.  Boy gets another beer.
Paul:  Hey Norm, how's the world been treating you?
Norm:  Like a baby treats a diaper.
Norm:  Let's talk about what's going *in* Mr. Peterson.  A beer, Woody.
Sam:  How's life treating you?
Norm: It's not, Sammy, but that doesn't mean you can't.
Woody:  Can I pour you a draft, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:   A little early, isn't it Woody?
Woody:  For a beer?
Norm:   No, for stupid questions.
Woody: What's happening, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  The question is, Woody, why is it happening to me?
Woody: What's going down, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  My cheeks on this barstool.
Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, can I pour you a beer?
Norm:  Well, okay, Woody, but be sure to stop me at one. ...
Work is the curse of the drinking classes.
You can't fall off the floor.
You're not an alcoholic unless you go to the meetings.
You're not drunk if you can lie on the floor without holding on.
1 bulls, 3 cows.
$3,000,000.
40 isn't old.  If you're a tree.
long-distance caw.
A furore Normanorum libera nos, O Domine!
A log may float in a river, but that does not make it a crocodile.
A pickup with three guys in it pulls into the lumber yard.  One of the men
gets out and goes into the office.
check."
truck, he reassures the clerk, that, yes, in fact, two-by-fours would be
acceptable.
check," he says.
conversation.  The guy comes back into the office.  "A long time," he says,
"we're building a house".
A prediction is worth twenty explanations.
"This is a parson to parson call."
A squeegee by any other name wouldn't sound as funny.
and her first name by her mother.  By the time she was ten, didn't know if she
was Carmen or Cohen.
Adults die young.
African violet:		Such worth is rare
Apple blossom:		Preference
Bachelor's button:	Celibacy
Bay leaf:		I change but in death
Camelia:		Reflected loveliness
Chrysanthemum, red:	I love
Chrysanthemum, white:	Truth
Chrysanthemum, other:	Slighted love
Clover:			Be mine
Crocus:			Abuse not
Daffodil:		Innocence
Forget-me-not:		True love
Fuchsia:		Fast
Gardenia:		Secret, untold love
Honeysuckle:		Bonds of love
Ivy:			Friendship, fidelity, marriage
Jasmine:		Amiablity, transports of joy, sensuality
Leaves (dead):		Melancholy
Lilac:			Youthful innocence
Lilly:			Purity, sweetness
Lilly of the valley:	Return of happiness
Magnolia:		Dignity, perseverance
Age is a tyrant who forbids, at the penalty of life, all the pleasures of youth.
Agree with them now, it will save so much time.
Ah, the Tsar's bazaar's bizarre beaux-arts!
Ahhhhhh... the smell of cuprinol and mahogany.  It excites me to...
acts of passion... acts of... ineptitude.
All phone calls are obscene.
All the really good ideas I ever had came to me while I was milking a cow.
Am I ranting?  I hope so.  My ranting gets raves.
AMAZING BUT TRUE ...
An atom-blaster is a good weapon, but it can point both ways.
... and furthermore ... I don't like your trousers.
Any stone in your boot always migrates against the pressure gradient to
exactly the point of most pressure.
Any time things appear to be going better, you have overlooked something.
Avec!
BAD CRAZINESS, MAN!!!
Bare feet magnetize sharp metal objects so they point upward from the
floor -- especially in the dark.
Batteries not included.
BE ALERT!!!! (The world needs more lerts...)
BE ALOOF!  (There has been a recent population explosion of lerts.)
Before I knew the best part of my life had come, it had gone.
Being frustrated is disagreeable, but the real disasters in life begin
when you get what you want.
Believe everything you hear about the world; nothing is too impossibly bad.
Bizarreness is the essence of the exotic.
Blame Saint Andreas -- it's all his fault.
Blue paint today.
Boy!  Eucalyptus!
Boy, that crayon sure did hurt!
Bushydo -- the way of the shrub.  Bonsai!
But like the Good Book says... There's BIGGER DEALS to come!
By perseverance the snail reached the Ark.
CF&C stole it, fair and square.
Due to the convergence of forces beyond his comprehension, Salvatore
Quanucci was suddenly squirted out of the universe like a watermelon
seed, and never heard from again.
Confucius say too much.
Congratulations are in order for Tom Reid.
He says he just found out he is the winner of the 2021 Psychic of the
Year award.
Custer committed Siouxicide.
"Whatever the missing mass of the universe is, I hope it's not cockroaches!"
Death to all fanatics!
Depart in pieces, i.e., split.
Deprive a mirror of its silver and even the Czar won't see his face.
Did I say 2?  I lied.
Did it ever occur to you that fat chance and slim chance mean the same thing?
Or that we drive on parkways and park on driveways?
Did you hear about the model who sat on a broken bottle and cut a nice figure?
Did you know ...
That no-one ever reads these things?
"Die?  I should say not, dear fellow.  No Barrymore would allow such a
Dignity is like a flag.  It flaps in a storm.
Dime is money.
Do not underestimate the power of the Force.
Do not use that foreign word "ideals".  We have that excellent native
word "lies".
Do people know you have freckles everywhere?
Do students of Zen Buddhism do Om-work?
Do you have lysdexia?
Do YOU have redeeming social value?
Does a one-legged duck swim in a circle?
Don't force it, get a larger hammer.
Don't guess -- check your security regulations.
Don't I know you?
Don't let your status become too quo!
Don't quit now, we might just as well lock the door and throw away the key.
Don't speak about Time, until you have spoken to him.
Don't worry -- the brontosaurus is slow, stupid, and placid.
Don't worry if you're a kleptomaniac; you can always take something for it.
Double!
Dr. Jekyll had something to Hyde.
Dr. Livingstone?
Dr. Livingstone I. Presume?
Dreams are free, but there's a small charge for alterations.
Drop that pickle!
Drop the vase and it will become a Ming of the past.
Duckies are fun!
Ducks?  What ducks??
Dungeons and Dragons is just a lot of Saxon Violence.
him arrested for carrying a congealed weapon.
She's a women who conks to stupor.
Dyslexia means never having to say that you're ysror.
Dyslexics have more fnu.
DYSLEXICS OF THE WORLD, UNTIE!
Editing is a rewording activity.
Eggheads unite!  You have nothing to lose but your yolks.
Events are not affected, they develop.
Ever wonder why fire engines are red?
Because newspapers are read too.
Two and Two is four.
Four and four is eight.
Eight and four is twelve.
There are twelve inches in a ruler.
Queen Mary was a ruler.
Queen Mary was a ship.
Ships sail the sea.
There are fishes in the sea.
Fishes have fins.
The Finns fought the Russians.
Russians are red.
Fire engines are always rush'n.
Therefore fire engines are red.
Every absurdity has a champion who will defend it.
Every day it's the same thing -- variety.  I want something different.
Every time you manage to close the door on Reality, it comes in through the
window.
Everything bows to success, even grammar.
Everything can be filed under "miscellaneous".
Everything might be different in the present if only one thing had
been different in the past.
Everything should be built top-down, except this time.
Everything takes longer, costs more, and is less useful.
Everything you know is wrong!
Facts, apart from their relationships, are like labels on empty bottles.
Fats Loves Madelyn.
Finding out what goes on in the C.I.A. is like performing acupuncture
on a rock.
Five bicycles make a volkswagen, seven make a truck.
Flame on!
Fly me away to the bright side of the moon ...
For a holy stint, a moth of the cloth gave up his woolens for lint.
For thee the wonder-working earth puts forth sweet flowers.
Force it!!!
If it breaks, well, it wasn't working anyway...
No, don't force it, get a bigger hammer.
FORCE YOURSELF TO RELAX!
Forest fires cause Smokey Bears.
Fortune's graffito of the week (or maybe even month):
Fortune's Office Door Sign of the Week:
what 'it' means."
Duck: "it's generally a frog or a worm.  The question is, what did the
archbishop find?"
From a certain point onward there is no longer any turning back.
That is the point that must be reached.
General notions are generally wrong.
Give me a Plumber's friend the size of the Pittsburgh dome, and a place
GIVE UP!!!!
Given my druthers, I'd druther not.
Gloffing is a state of mine.
Go 'way!  You're bothering me!
Go away, I'm all right.
Go climb a gravity well!
Goals... Plans... they're fantasies, they're part of a dream world...
God is Dead.
Nietzsche is Dead.
Nietzsche is God.
God isn't dead, he just couldn't find a parking place.
God isn't dead.  He just doesn't want to get involved.
God was satisfied with his own work, and that is fatal.
God, I ask for patience -- and I want it right now!
Good news is just life's way of keeping you off balance.
Half Moon tonight.  (At least it's better than no Moon at all.)
Happiness makes up in height what it lacks in length.
Happy feast of the pig!
Hard reality has a way of cramping your style.
Have at you!
Have the courage to take your own thoughts seriously, for they will shape you.
"He flung himself on his horse and rode madly off in all directions."
He who spends a storm beneath a tree, takes life with a grain of TNT.
Hedonist for hire... no job too easy!
Help stamp out and abolish redundancy and repetition.
HELP!  Man trapped in a human body!
HELP!  MY TYPEWRITER IS BROKEN!
Here there be tygers.
"His eyes were cold.  As cold as the bitter winter snow that was falling
outside.  Yes, cold and therefore difficult to chew..."
Honk if you hate bumper stickers that say "Honk if ..."
Honk if you love peace and quiet.
Housework can kill you if done right.
How come we never talk anymore?
How come wrong numbers are never busy?
How kind of you to be willing to live someone's life for them.
How much of their influence on you is a result of your influence on them?
How untasteful can you get?
Huh?
I always wake up at the crack of ice.
I can read your mind, and you should be ashamed of yourself.
I can relate to that.
I can resist anything but temptation.
I couldn't possibly fail to disagree with you less.
I despise the pleasure of pleasing people whom I despise.
"I don't mind going nowhere as long as it's an interesting path."
I don't understand you anymore.
I don't wish to appear overly inquisitive, but are you still alive?
I enjoy the time that we spend together.
I exist, therefore I am paid.
I fear explanations explanatory of things explained.
I feel sorry for your brain... all alone in that great big head...
"I found out why my car was humming.  It had forgotten the words."
I hate trolls.  Maybe I could metamorph it into something else -- like a
ravenous, two-headed, fire-breathing dragon.
I have a terrible headache,  I was putting on toilet water and the lid fell.
I have become me without my consent.
I have more hit points than you can possibly imagine.
I have seen the Great Pretender and he is not what he seems.
I hear the sound that the machines make, and feel my heart break, just
for a moment.
I hear what you're saying but I just don't care.
I know it all.  I just can't remember it all at once.
I know you think you thought you knew what you thought I said,
but I'm not sure you understood what you thought I meant.
I know you're in search of yourself, I just haven't seen you anywhere.
I live the way I type; fast, with a lot of mistakes.
I love treason but hate a traitor.
I never did it that way before.
"I only touch base with reality on an as-needed basis!"
including beets, rutabagas, and most random vegetables, but excluding yams,
as I am absolutely terrified of yams...
of my young comrades pelted me with same for singing songs of far-off lands
and deep blue seas in a language closely resembling that of the common sow.
My psychosis was further impressed into my soul as I reached adolescence,
when, while skipping through a field of yams, light-heartedly tossing flowers
into the stratosphere, a great yam-picking machine tore through the fields,
pursuing me to the edge of the great plantation, where I escaped by diving
into a great ditch filled with a mixture of water and pig manure, which may
explain my tendency to scream, "Here come the Martians!  Hide the eggs!" every
time I have pork.  But I digress.  The fact remains that I cannot rationally
deal with yams, and pigs are terrible conversationalists.
I predict that today will be remembered until tomorrow!
I refuse to have a battle of wits with an unarmed person.
I saw what you did and I know who you are.
I smell a wumpus.
I thought YOU silenced the guard!
I understand why you're confused.  You're thinking too much.
I used to be an agnostic, but now I'm not so sure.
I want to reach your mind -- where is it currently located?
I will always love the false image I had of you.
I will make you shorter by the head.
I will never lie to you.
I will not forget you.
I wouldn't be so paranoid if you weren't all out to get me!!
I'd be a poorer man if I'd never seen an eagle fly.
[I saw an eagle fly once.  Fortunately, I had my eagle fly swatter handy.  Ed.]
I'm glad I was not born before tea.
I'm going to raise an issue and stick it in your ear.
I'm not laughing with you, I'm laughing at you.
I'm not offering myself as an example; every life evolves by its own laws.
I'm not prejudiced, I hate everyone equally.
I'm not proud.
I'm not tense, just terribly, terribly alert!
I'm prepared for all emergencies but totally unprepared for everyday life.
I'm so broke I can't even pay attention.
I've Been Moved!
I've been there.
I've enjoyed just about as much of this as I can stand.
Identify your visitor.
Idleness is the holiday of fools.
"If a camel flies, no one laughs if it doesn't get very far."
If all men were brothers, would you let one marry your sister?
If everything seems to be going well, you have obviously overlooked something.
If God is dead, who will save the Queen?
If God is One, what is bad?
If I could drop dead right now, I'd be the happiest man alive!
If I don't see you in the future, I'll see you in the pasture.
If I love you, what business is it of yours?
If it doesn't smell yet, it's pretty fresh.
If it wasn't so warm out today, it would be cooler.
If it weren't for the last minute, nothing would ever get done.
If life gives you lemons, make lemonade.
If life is merely a joke, the question still remains: for whose amusement?
If life isn't what you wanted, have you asked for anything else?
If rabbits' feet are so lucky, what happened to the rabbit?
If the ends don't justify the means, then what does?
If the English language made any sense, lackadaisical would have something
to do with a shortage of flowers.
If the future isn't what it used to be, does that mean that the past
is subject to change in times to come?
If the grass is greener on other side of fence, consider what may be
fertilizing it.
If the meanings of "true" and "false" were switched, then this sentence
would not be false.
If the odds are a million to one against something occurring, chances
are 50-50 it will.
If we see the light at the end of the tunnel, it's the light of an
oncoming train.
If you are going to walk on thin ice, you may as well dance.
If you do not think about the future, you cannot have one.
If you have nothing to do, don't do it here.
If you knew what to say next, would you say it?
If you know the answer to a question, don't ask.
If you stick your head in the sand, one thing is for sure, you're gonna
get your rear kicked.
Imagine what we can imagine!
Immanuel doesn't pun, he Kant.
Immanuel Kant but Kubla Khan.
In case of fire, stand in the hall and shout "Fire!"
In my end is my beginning.
In the war of wits, he's unarmed.
In this world, truth can wait; she's used to it.
Include me out.
Indecision is the true basis for flexibility.
Indifference will certainly be the downfall of mankind, but who cares?
Insomnia isn't anything to lose sleep over.
Is death legally binding?
Isn't air travel wonderful?  Breakfast in London, dinner in New York,
luggage in Brazil.
It has long been known that birds will occasionally build nests in the
manes of horses.  The only known solution to this problem is to sprinkle
baker's yeast in the mane, for, as we all know, yeast is yeast and nest
is nest, and never the mane shall tweet.
It is a lesson which all history teaches wise men, to put trust in ideas,
and not in circumstances.
It is better never to have been born.  But who among us has such luck?
One in a million, perhaps.
It is better to be bow-legged than no-legged.
It is better to kiss an avocado than to get in a fight with an aardvark.
It is easier to resist at the beginning than at the end.
It is very difficult to prophesy, especially when it pertains to the future.
It isn't easy being a Friday kind of person in a Monday kind of world.
It occurred to me lately that nothing has occurred to me lately.
"It was a virgin forest, a place where the Hand of Man had never set foot."
It was one of those perfect summer days -- the sun was shining, a breeze
was blowing, the birds were singing, and the lawn mower was broken ...
It was pleasant to me to get a letter from you the other day.  Perhaps
I should have found it pleasanter if I had been able to decipher it.  I
don't think that I mastered anything beyond the date (which I knew) and
the signature (which I guessed at).  There's a singular and a perpetual
charm in a letter of yours; it never grows old, it never loses its
novelty.  Other letters are read and thrown away and forgotten, but
yours are kept forever -- unread.  One of them will last a reasonable
man a lifetime.
It wasn't that she had a rose in her teeth, exactly.  It was more like
the rose and the teeth were in the same glass.
It would save me a lot of time if you just gave up and went mad now.
It'll be a nice world if they ever get it finished.
It's a .88 magnum -- it goes through schools.
It's amazing how much better you feel once you've given up hope.
It's not the fall that kills you, it's the landing.
It's pretty hard to tell what does bring happiness; poverty and wealth
have both failed.
Joe's sister puts spaghetti in her shoes!
Join the march to save individuality!
Kilroe hic erat!
Kiss me twice.  I'm schizophrenic.
Kissing a fish is like smoking a bicycle.
Knocked, you weren't in.
Know what I hate most?  Rhetorical questions.
L'hazard ne favorise que l'esprit prepare.
La-dee-dee, la-dee-dah.
Lake Erie died for your sins.
Language is a virus from another planet.
Laughing at you is like drop-kicking a wounded humming bird.
Lemmings don't grow older, they just die.
Let he who takes the plunge remember to return it by Tuesday.
Let others praise ancient times; I am glad I was born in these.
Let's remind ourselves that last year's fresh idea is today's cliche.
Life -- Love It or Leave It.
Life being what it is, one dreams of revenge.
Life is both difficult and time-consuming.
Life is fraught with opportunities to keep your mouth shut.
Life is just a bowl of cherries, but why do I always get the pits?
Life is like a simile.
Life is like an analogy.
Life is not for everyone.
Life would be tolerable but for its amusements.
Littering is dumb.
Live fast, die young, and leave a flat patch of fur on the highway!
Look out!  Behind you!
Look!  Before our very eyes, the future is becoming the past.
Lookie, lookie, here comes cookie...
Losing your drivers' license is just God's way of saying "BOOGA, BOOGA!"
Lost interest?  It's so bad I've lost apathy.
Love the sea?  I dote upon it -- from the beach.
Luck can't last a lifetime, unless you die young.
Madness takes its toll.
Man who sleep in beer keg wake up sticky.
Marigold:		Jealousy
Mint:			Virtue
Orange blossom:		Your purity equals your loveliness
Orchid:			Beauty, magnificence
Pansy:			Thoughts
Peach blossom:		I am your captive
Petunia:		Your presence soothes me
Poppy:			Sleep
Rose, any color:	Love
Rose, deep red:		Bashful shame
Rose, single, pink:	Simplicity
Rose, thornless, any:	Early attachment
Rose, white:		I am worthy of you
Rose, yellow:		Decrease of love, rise of jealousy
Rosebud, white:		Girlhood, and a heart ignorant of love
Rosemary:		Remembrance
Sunflower:		Haughtiness
Tulip, red:		Declaration of love
Tulip, yellow:		Hopeless love
Violet, blue:		Faithfulness
Violet, white:		Modesty
Zinnia:			Thoughts of absent friends
May a hundred thousand midgets invade your home singing cheesy lounge-lizard
versions of songs from The Wizard of Oz.
May a Misguided Platypus lay its Eggs in your Jockey Shorts.
May the fleas of a thousand camels infest your armpits.
May your camel be as swift as the wind.
May your Tongue stick to the Roof of your Mouth with the Force of a
Thousand Caramels.
Meester, do you vant to buy a duck?
Mene, mene, tekel, upharsen.
Metermaids eat their young.
Microbiology Lab:  Staph Only!
Moebius strippers never show you their back side.
Moebius always does it on the same side.
Monday is an awful way to spend one seventh of your life.
Most burning issues generate far more heat than light.
Most general statements are false, including this one.
Mother Earth is not flat!
Mother is far too clever to understand anything she does not like.
Mount St. Helens should have used earth control.
Must be getting close to town -- we're hitting more people.
My interest is in the future because I am going to spend the rest of my
life there.
My, how you've changed since I've changed.
'Naomi, sex at noon taxes.' I moan.
Never odd or even.
A man, a plan, a canal, Panama.
Madam, I'm Adam.
Sit on a potato pan, Otis.
Sit on Otis.
Never be afraid to tell the world who you are.
Never use "etc." -- it makes people think there is more where there is not
or that there is not space to list it all, etc.
Never volunteer for anything.
New members are urgently needed in the Society for Prevention of
Cruelty to Yourself.  Apply within.
Nietzsche is pietzsche, but Schiller is killer, and Goethe is moethe.
No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings.
No matter how much you do you never do enough.
No small art is it to sleep: it is necessary for that purpose to keep
awake all day.
No yak too dirty; no dumpster too hollow.
Nobody ever died from oven crude poisoning.
Non-Determinism is not meant to be reasonable.
Non-sequiturs make me eat lampshades.
Nostalgia is living life in the past lane.
Not to laugh, not to lament, not to curse, but to understand.
Nothing can be done in one trip.
Nothing is so firmly believed as that which we least know.
Nothing is so often irretrievably missed as a daily opportunity.
Nothing lasts forever.
Where do I find nothing?
-- THE ELEVATORS WILL BE OUT OF ORDER TODAY --
(The nearest working elevator is in the building across the street.)
Now there's a violent movie titled, "The Croquet Homicide," or "Murder
With Mallets Aforethought."
Nudists are people who wear one-button suits.
O imitators, you slavish herd!
O.K., fine.
Odets, where is thy sting?
Oh yeah?  Well, I remember when sex was dirty and the air was clean.
Oh, wow!  Look at the moon!
Once I finally figured out all of life's answers, they changed the questions.
Onward through the fog.
Operator, please trace this call and tell me where I am.
Our houseplants have a good sense of humous.
Our problems are so serious that the best way to talk about them is
lightheartedly.
Over the years, I've developed my sense of deja vu so acutely that now
I can remember things that *have* happened before ...
Paranoid Club meeting this Friday.  Now ... just try to find out where!
Pardon me while I laugh.
Paul Revere was a tattle-tale.
Peace be to this house, and all that dwell in it.
Phone call for chucky-pooh.
Piece of cake!
Plastic...  Aluminum...  These are the inheritors of the Universe!
Flesh and Blood have had their day... and that day is past!
Please help keep the world clean: others may wish to use it.
Please remain calm, it's no use both of us being hysterical at the same time.
Progress might have been all right once, but it's gone on too long.
Progress was all right.  Only it went on too long.
Punning is the worst vice, and there's no vice versa.
Pyros of the world... IGNITE !!!
QED.
Quack!
Question: Is it better to abide by the rules until they're changed or
help speed the change by breaking them?
Quick!!  Act as if nothing has happened!
Quod erat demonstrandum.
Rainy days and automatic weapons always get me down.
Rainy days and Mondays always get me down.
Reality -- what a concept!
Remember that there is an outside world to see and enjoy.
Remember the... the... uhh.....
Remember, drive defensively! And of course, the best defense is a good offense!
Ring around the collar.
Rubber bands have snappy endings!
Safety Third.
Sailors in ships, sail on!  Even while we died, others rode out the storm.
Sank heaven for leetle curls.
Santa Claus is watching!
Santa's elves are just a bunch of subordinate Clauses.
Save the bales!
Save the Whales -- Harpoon a Honda.
See, these two penguins walked into a bar, which was really stupid, 'cause
the second one should have seen it.
She has an alarm clock and a phone that don't ring -- they applaud.
She's genuinely bogus.
paper boots."
Shirley MacLaine died today in a freak psychic collision today.  Two freaks
in a van  [Oh no!!  It's the Copyright Police!!]  Her aura-charred body was
laid to rest after a eulogy by Jackie Collins, fellow member of SAFE [Society
of Asinine Flake Entertainers].  Excerpted from some of his more quotable
comments:
After the ceremony, Shirley thanked her mourners and explained how delightful
it was to "get it together" again, presumably referring to having her now dead
body join her long dead brain.
Sight is a faculty; seeing is an art.
Silence is the element in which great things fashion themselves.
Silence is the only virtue you have left.
Slang is language that takes off its coat, spits on its hands, and goes to work.
Sleep is for the weak and sickly.
Smear the road with a runner!!
Solipsists of the World... you are already united.
Some changes are so slow, you don't notice them.  Others are so fast,
they don't notice you.
Some parts of the past must be preserved, and some of the future prevented
at all costs.
Some people live life in the fast lane.  You're in oncoming traffic.
Someday we'll look back on this moment and plow into a parked car.
Someday you'll get your big chance -- or have you already had it?
Someday, Weederman, we'll look back on all this and laugh... It will
probably be one of those deep, eerie ones that slowly builds to a
blood-curdling maniacal scream... but still it will be a laugh.
Somehow I reached excess without ever noticing when I was passing through
satisfaction.
Somehow, the world always affects you more than you affect it.
Sooner or later you must pay for your sins.
(Those who have already paid may disregard this cookie).
Sorry.  I forget what I was going to say.
Sorry.  Nice try.
Stamp out philately.
Standing on head makes smile of frown, but rest of face also upside down.
Stop me, before I kill again!
Support the Girl Scouts!
Take it easy, we're in a hurry.
Tempt me with a spoon!
Thank you for observing all safety precautions.
That's odd.  That's very odd.  Wouldn't you say that's very odd?
That's what she said.
The adjective is the banana peel of the parts of speech.
The beauty of a pun is in the "Oy!" of the beholder.
The cart has no place where a fifth wheel could be used.
The day advanced as if to light some work of mine; it was morning,
and lo! now it is evening, and nothing memorable is accomplished.
The day after tomorrow is the third day of the rest of your life.
The difference between this place and yogurt is that yogurt has a live culture.
The eagle may soar, but the weasel never gets sucked into a jet engine.
The executioner is, I hear, very expert, and my neck is very slender.
... the flaw that makes perfection perfect.
The future isn't what it used to be.  (It never was.)
The future lies ahead.
The future not being born, my friend, we will abstain from baptizing it.
The grass is always greener on the other side of your sunglasses.
The groundhog is like most other prophets; it delivers its message and then
disappears.
The hearing ear is always found close to the speaking tongue, a custom
whereof the memory of man runneth not howsomever to the contrary, nohow.
The important thing to remember about walking on eggs is not to hop.
The Killer Ducks are coming!!!
The last person who said that (God rest his soul) lived to regret it.
The Martian Canals were clearly the Martian's last ditch effort!
The mosquito exists to keep the mighty humble.
The most important things, each person must do for himself.
The one good thing about repeating your mistakes is that you know when to
cringe.
The past always looks better than it was.  It's only pleasant because
The philosopher's treatment of a question is like the treatment of an illness.
The pollution's at that awkward stage.  Too thick to navigate and too
thin to cultivate.
The reader this message encounters not failing to understand is cursed.
The rose of yore is but a name, mere names are left to us.
The sheep died in the wool.
The sheep that fly over your head are soon to land.
The shortest distance between any two puns is a straight line.
The sixth sheik's sixth sheep's sick.
The sky is blue so we know where to stop mowing.
The tree in which the sap is stagnant remains fruitless.
The whole world is a scab.  The point is to pick it constructively.
The world really isn't any worse.  It's just that the news coverage
is so much better.
The world wants to be deceived.
The worst part of valor is indiscretion.
Then, gently touching my face, she hesitated for a moment as her incredible
eyes poured forth into mine love, joy, pain, tragedy, acceptance, and peace.
"'Bye for now," she said warmly.
There are no rules for March.  March is spring, sort of, usually, March
means maybe, but don't bet on it.
There are three things I always forget.  Names, faces -- the third I
can't remember.
There are two kinds of pedestrians... the quick and the dead.
There has been an alarming increase in the number of things you know
nothing about.
There is a natural hootchy-kootchy to a goldfish.
There is always someone worse off than yourself.
There is always something new out of Africa.
There is no such thing as a problem without a gift for you in its hands.
There is nothing new except what has been forgotten.
There seems no plan because it is all plan.
There's no real need to do housework -- after four years it doesn't get
any worse.
There's nothing very mysterious about you, except that
nobody really knows your origin, purpose, or destination.
They finally got King Midas, I hear.  Gild by association.
They just buzzed and buzzed...buzzed.
Think big.  Pollute the Mississippi.
Think sideways!
This is NOT a repeat.
This is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.  And now you know why.
This must be morning.  I never could get the hang of mornings.
This sentence contradicts itself -- no actually it doesn't.
This sentence does in fact not have the property it claims not to have.
This sentence no verb.
Three minutes' thought would suffice to find this out; but thought is
irksome and three minutes is a long time.
Three o'clock in the afternoon is always just a little too late or a little
too early for anything you want to do.
Time will end all my troubles, but I don't always approve of Time's methods.
Tis man's perdition to be safe, when for the truth he ought to die.
To generalize is to be an idiot.
To love is good, love being difficult.
To see you is to sympathize.
"To vacillate or not to vacillate, that is the question ... or is it?"
Topologists are just plane folks.
Some Londoners are just P. Lane folks.
Trouble always comes at the wrong time.
Trouble strikes in series of threes, but when working around the house the
next job after a series of three is not the fourth job -- it's the start of
a brand new series of three.
True to our past we work with an inherited, observed, and accepted vision of
personal futility, and of the beauty of the world.
Two cars in every pot and a chicken in every garage.
Use a pun, go to jail.
Wait for that wisest of all counselors, Time.
Wanna buy a duck?
We have ears, earther...FOUR OF THEM!
We have lingered long enough on the shores of the Cosmic Ocean.
We must die because we have known them.
We'll cross that bridge when we come back to it later.
Welcome to the Zoo!
Well thaaaaaaat's okay.
Well, the handwriting is on the floor.
Well, we'll really have a party, but we've gotta post a guard outside.
What causes the mysterious death of everyone?
What color is a chameleon on a mirror?
What does "it" mean in the sentence "What time is it?"?
What excuses stand in your way?  How can you eliminate them?
What happens when you cut back the jungle?  It recedes.
What is the sound of one hand clapping?
What soon grows old?  Gratitude.
What we cannot speak about we must pass over in silence.
What will you do if all your problems aren't solved by the time you die?
What you want, what you're hanging around in the world waiting for, is for
something to occur to you.
What!?  Me worry?
What's all this brouhaha?
What's so funny?
"What's the use of a good quotation if you can't change it?"
Whatever became of eternal truth?
When a camel flies, no one laughs if it doesn't get very far!
When a cow laughs, does milk come out of its nose?
When does later become never?
When eating an elephant take one bite at a time.
When pleasure remains, does it remain a pleasure?
When the English language gets in my way, I walk over it.
When things go well, expect something to explode, erode, collapse or
just disappear.
When you dial a wrong number you never get a busy signal.
When you're down and out, lift up your voice and shout, "I'M DOWN AND OUT"!
When you're ready to give up the struggle, who can you surrender to?
When your memory goes, forget it!
Where am I?  Who am I?  Am I?  I
Where will it all end?  Probably somewhere near where it all began.
Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent.
Which is worse: ignorance or apathy?  Who knows?  Who cares?
Whip it, whip it good!
Who are you?
Who dat who say "who dat" when I say "who dat"?
Who messed with my anti-paranoia shot?
Who will take care of the world after you're gone?
Why are you so hard to ignore?
Why do seagulls live near the sea?  'Cause if they lived near the bay,
they'd be called baygulls.
Why does a ship carry cargo and a truck carry shipments?
Why is it called a funny bone when it hurts so much?
Why is it taking so long for her to bring out all the good in you?
Why not go out on a limb?  Isn't that where the fruit is?
Why would anyone want to be called "Later"?
Without adventure, civilization is in full decay.
Would that my hand were as swift as my tongue.
Would you care to drift aimlessly in my direction?
Would you care to view the ruins of my good intentions?
WRONG!
You auto buy now.
You can cage a swallow, can't you,
Girl, bathing on Bikini, eyeing boy,
A man, a plan, a canal -- Panama!
You can get there from here, but why on earth would you want to?
Zeus gave Leda the bird.
Well, I think we should get some bricks and some bats, and show him
the *true* meaning of Christmas!'
I used to have nightmares that the Grinch's dog would kidnap me and make me
dress up in a halter-top and hot pants and listen to Burl Ives records.
[ ] Safeguard this message - it is an important historical document.
[ ] Delete after reading -- Subversive Literature.
[ ] Ignore and go back to what you were doing.
Crito, I owe a cock to Asclepius; will you remember to pay the debt?
I am tired of fighting...The old men are all dead...The little children
are freezing to death. My people, some of them, have run away to the
hills and have no blankets, no food. No one knows where they are...Hear
me, my Chiefs!! I am tired: my heart is sick and sad. From where the sun
now stands, I will fight no more.              Chief Joseph, (Nez Perce)
[I]f you're trying to choose between two theories and one gives you an
excuse for being lazy, the other one is probably right."
Whether your covers star a male or a female, I read your magazine for the
articles
(1) Avoid fried meats which angry up the blood.
(2) If your stomach antagonizes you, pacify it with cool thoughts.
(3) Keep the juices flowing by jangling around gently as you move.
(4) Go very lightly on the vices, such as carrying on in society, as
(5) Avoid running at all times.
(6) Don't look back, something might be gaining on you.
A cloud does not know why it moves in just such a direction and at such
a speed, if feels an impulsion... this is the place to go now.  But the
sky knows the reasons and the patterns behind all clouds, and you will
know, too, when you lift yourself high enough to see beyond horizons.
A dream will always triumph over reality, once it is given the chance.
A fake fortuneteller can be tolerated.  But an authentic soothsayer should
be shot on sight.  Cassandra did not get half the kicking around she deserved.
A halted retreat
Is nerve-wracking and dangerous.
To retain people as men -- and maidservants
Brings good fortune.
A lifetime isn't nearly long enough to figure out what it's all about.
A lot of people I know believe in positive thinking, and so do I.  I
A man said to the Universe:
A man who cannot seduce men cannot save them either.
A master was asked the question, "What is the Way?" by a curious monk.
on, your eyes are clouded," said the master.
who is the one that wants to see it?"
A neighbor came to Nasrudin, asking to borrow his donkey.  "It is out on
loan," the teacher replied.  At that moment, the donkey brayed loudly inside
the stable.  "But I can hear it bray, over there."  "Whom do you believe,"
asked Nasrudin, "me or a donkey?"
A priest advised Voltaire on his death bed to renounce the devil.
Replied Voltaire, "This is no time to make new enemies."
A priest asked: What is Fate, Master?
It is that which men in former times had to bear upon their backs.
to City upon which carts and coaches pass, and alongside which inns
have come to be built to stave off Hunger, Thirst and Weariness.
what Freight was too.
A sad spectacle.  If they be inhabited, what a scope for misery and folly.
If they be not inhabited, what a waste of space.
A Scholar asked his Master, "Master, would you advise me of a proper
vocation?"
their minds.  Others must use their strong backs, legs and hands.  This is
the same in nature as it is with man.  Some animals acquire their food easily,
such as rabbits, hogs and goats.  Other animals must fiercely struggle for
their sustenance, like beavers, moles and ants.  So you see, the nature of
the vocation must fit the individual.
scholar sobbed.
A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it.
A would-be disciple came to Nasrudin's hut on the mountain-side.  Knowing
that every action of such an enlightened one is significant, the seeker
watched the teacher closely.  "Why do you blow on your hands?"  "To warm
myself in the cold."  Later, Nasrudin poured bowls of hot soup for himself
and the newcomer, and blew on his own.  "Why are you doing that, Master?"
"To cool the soup."  Unable to trust a man who uses the same process
to arrive at two different results -- hot and cold -- the disciple departed.
Ah, but a man's grasp should exceed his reach,
Or what's a heaven for ?
All hope abandon, ye who enter here!
All men know the utility of useful things;
but they do not know the utility of futility.
All of the true things I am about to tell you are shameless lies.
All of us should treasure his Oriental wisdom and his preaching of a
Zen-like detachment, as exemplified by his constant reminder to clerks,
tellers, or others who grew excited by his presence in their banks:
"Just lie down on the floor and keep calm."
An idea is an eye given by God for the seeing of God.  Some of these eyes
we cannot bear to look out of, we blind them as quickly as possible.
great number of teachers and I have given up a great number of pleasures.
I have fasted, been celibate and stayed awake nights seeking enlightenment.
I have given up everything I was asked to give up and I have suffered, but
I have not been enlightened.  What should I do?"
And ever has it been known that love knows not its own depth until the
hour of separation.
Anyway, I keep picturing all these little kids playing some game in this
big field of rye and all.  Thousands of little kids, and nobody's around --
nobody big, I mean -- except me.  And I'm standing on the edge of some crazy
cliff.  What I have to do, I have to catch everybody if they start to go
over the cliff -- I mean if they're running and they don't look where they're
going I have to come out from somewhere and catch them.  That's all I'd do
all day.  I'd just be the catcher in the rye.  I know it;  I know it's crazy,
but that's the only thing I'd really like to be.  I know it's crazy.
preaching to a group of disciples.
the absolute reality of --"
vaporized.
with the spirit of the morning.
"Thou art That..."
and he vaporized.
enemies bear down upon us, how shall I, with such heartless and callow
soldiers as I am heir to, hope to withstand the impending onslaught?"
Governor, and he vaporized.
his shotgun.  "Ha! Beat ya' to the punchline, ya' scrawny li'l geek!"
Arrakis teaches the attitude of the knife - chopping off what's
incomplete and saying: "Now it's complete because it's ended here."
As failures go, attempting to recall the past is like trying to grasp
the meaning of existence.  Both make one feel like a baby clutching at
a basketball: one's palms keep sliding off.
At ebb tide I wrote a line upon the sand, and gave it all my heart and all
my soul.  At flood tide I returned to read what I had inscribed and found my
ignorance upon the shore.
At the end of your life there'll be a good rest, and no further activities
are scheduled.
At the foot of the mountain, thunder:
The image of Providing Nourishment.
Thus the superior man is careful of his words
And temperate in eating and drinking.
Beauty is one of the rare things which does not lead to doubt of God.
his followers.
there he confronted The Sacred Chao while She was contentedly grazing.
commanding voice, "why don't you do something worthwhile?  What is your
Purpose in Life, anyway?"
Chinese ideogram for NO-THING.)
Before you ask more questions, think about whether you really want to
know the answers.
Brahma said: Well, after hearing ten thousand explanations, a fool is no
wiser.  But an intelligent man needs only two thousand five hundred.
By protracting life, we do not deduct one jot from the duration of death.
Catharsis is something I associate with pornography and crossword puzzles.
Certainly the game is rigged.
Don't let that stop you; if you don't bet, you can't win.
Chance is perhaps the work of God when He did not want to sign.
The story so far:
of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move.
ought to go from here?"
Circumstances rule men; men do not rule circumstances.
Coincidences are spiritual puns.
Death is a spirit leaving a body, sort of like a shell leaving the nut behind.
Death is nature's way of saying `Howdy'.
Death is nature's way of telling you to slow down.
Death is only a state of mind.
Only it doesn't leave you much time to think about anything else.
Depart not from the path which fate has assigned you.
Depend on the rabbit's foot if you will, but remember, it didn't help
the rabbit.
Destiny is a good thing to accept when it's going your way. When it isn't,
don't call it destiny; call it injustice, treachery, or simple bad luck.
Disease can be cured; fate is incurable.
Ditat Deus.
Do not believe in miracles -- rely on them.
Do not despair of life.  You have no doubt force enough to overcome your
obstacles.  Think of the fox prowling through wood and field in a winter night
for something to satisfy his hunger.  Notwithstanding cold and hounds and
traps, his race survives.  I do not believe any of them ever committed suicide.
Do not seek death; death will find you.  But seek the road which makes death
a fulfillment.
Do what you can to prolong your life, in the hope that someday you'll
learn what it's for.
Do your part to help preserve life on Earth -- by trying to preserve your own.
Don't abandon hope.  Your Captain Midnight decoder ring arrives tomorrow.
Don't abandon hope: your Tom Mix decoder ring arrives tomorrow.
Don't go to bed with no price on your head.
Don't have good ideas if you aren't willing to be responsible for them.
Don't kid yourself.  Little is relevant, and nothing lasts forever.
Don't let people drive you crazy when you know it's in walking distance.
Don't make a big deal out of everything; just deal with everything.
Don't stop to stomp ants when the elephants are stampeding.
Don't take life seriously, you'll never get out alive.
During the voyage of life, remember to keep an eye out for a fair wind; batten
down during a storm; hail all passing ships; and fly your colors proudly.
Dying is a very dull, dreary affair.  My advice to you is to have
nothing whatever to do with it.
Dying is one of the few things that can be done as easily lying down.
Each man is his own prisoner, in solitary confinement for life.
Each of us bears his own Hell.
Either I'm dead or my watch has stopped.
Even the most irrational people usually think they are logical thinkers.
Every man who has reached even his intellectual teens begins to suspect
that life is no farce; that it is not genteel comedy even; that it flowers
and fructifies on the contrary out of the profoundest tragic depths of the
essential death in which its subject's roots are plunged.  The natural
inheritance of everyone who is capable of spiritual life is an unsubdued
forest where the wolf howls and the obscene bird of night chatters.
Every person, all the events in your life are there because you have
drawn them there.  What you choose to do with them is up to you.
Everything ends badly.  Otherwise it wouldn't end.
Everything in this book may be wrong.
Everything is possible.  Pass the word.
Execute every act of thy life as though it were thy last.
Expansion means complexity; and complexity decay.
Facts are the enemy of truth.
Fain would I climb, yet fear I to fall.
Faith goes out through the window when beauty comes in at the door.
Faith is under the left nipple.
Fill what's empty, empty what's full, scratch where it itches.
... "fire" does not matter, "earth" and "air" and "water" do not matter.
"I" do not matter.  No word matters.  But man forgets reality and remembers
words.  The more words he remembers, the cleverer do his fellows esteem him.
He looks upon the great transformations of the world, but he does not see
them as they were seen when man looked upon reality for the first time.
Their names come to his lips and he smiles as he tastes them, thinking he
knows them in the naming.
For fast-acting relief, try slowing down.
For good, return good.
For evil, return justice.
For if there is a sin against life, it consists perhaps not so much in
despairing of life as in hoping for another life and in eluding the
implacable grandeur of this life.
For your penance, say five Hail Marys and one loud BLAH!
Force has no place where there is need of skill.
FORTUNE'S RULES TO LIVE BY: #2
FORTUNE'S RULES TO LIVE BY: #23
From listening comes wisdom and from speaking repentance.
From the cradle to the coffin underwear comes first.
Generally speaking, the Way of the warrior is resolute acceptance of death.
Getting into trouble is easy.
Getting there is only half as far as getting there and back.
Given a choice between grief and nothing, I'd choose grief.
God grant us the serenity to accept the things we cannot change, courage to
change the things we can, and wisdom to know the difference.
God instructs the heart, not by ideas, but by pains and contradictions.
God made everything out of nothing, but the nothingness shows through.
Good-bye.  I am leaving because I am bored.
Goodbye, cool world.
Got a dictionary?  I want to know the meaning of life.
Great acts are made up of small deeds.
****  GROWTH CENTER REPAIR SERVICE
For those who have had too much of Esalen, Topanga, and Kairos. Tired of
being genuine all the time?  Would you like to learn how to be a little
phony again?  Have you disclosed so much that you're beginning to avoid
people? Have you touched so many people that they're all beginning to
feel the same? Like to be a little dependent? Are perfect orgasms
beginning to bore you? Would you like, for once, not to express a
feeling?  Or better yet, not be in touch with it at all?  Come to us.  We
promise to relieve you of the burden of your great potential.
Happiness is just an illusion, filled with sadness and confusion.
Happiness isn't having what you want, it's wanting what you have.
Having the fewest wants, I am nearest to the gods.
He has shown you, o man, what is good.  And what does the Lord ask of you,
but to do justice, and to love kindness, and to walk humbly before your God?
He knows not how to know who knows not also how to unknow.
He that composes himself is wiser than he that composes a book.
He thought of Musashi, the Sword Saint, standing in his garden more than
three hundred years ago. "What is the 'Body of a rock'?" he was asked.
In answer, Musashi summoned a pupil of his and bid him kill himself by
slashing his abdomen with a knife.  Just as the pupil was about to comply,
the Master stayed his hand, saying, "That is the 'Body of a rock'."
He who despairs over an event is a coward, but he who holds hopes for
the human condition is a fool.
He who knows not and knows that he knows not is ignorant.  Teach him.
He who knows not and knows not that he knows not is a fool.  Shun him.
He who knows and knows not that he knows is asleep.  Wake him.
He who knows nothing, knows nothing.
But he who knows he knows nothing knows something.
And he who knows someone whose friend's wife's brother knows nothing,
He who knows others is wise.
He who knows himself is enlightened.
He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough.
He who knows, does not speak.  He who speaks, does not know.
does he hate it.  Therefore, laughing at evil means not preparing oneself to
combat it, and laughing at good means denying the power through which good is
self-propagating.
Here is a test to find whether your mission on earth is finished:
if you're alive, it isn't.
How can you prove whether at this moment we are sleeping, and all our
thoughts are a dream; or whether we are awake, and talking to one another
in the waking state?
I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today.
I didn't believe in reincarnation in any of my other lives.  I don't see why
I should have to believe in it in this one.
I do not know whether I was then a man dreaming I was a butterfly, or
whether I am now a butterfly dreaming I am a man.
I do not seek the ignorant; the ignorant seek me -- I will instruct them.
I ask nothing but sincerity.  If they come out of habit, they become tiresome.
"I gained nothing at all from Supreme Enlightenment, and for that very
reason it is called Supreme Enlightenment."
I hate dying.
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.
I have seen the future and it is just like the present, only longer.
I hope you're not pretending to be evil while secretly being good.
That would be dishonest.
I just forgot my whole philosophy of life!!!
I know not how I came into this, shall I call it a dying life or a
living death?
that is -- `Be what you would seem to be' -- or, if you'd like it put
more simply -- `Never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than what it
might appear to others that what you were or might have been was not
otherwise than what you had been would have appeared to them to be
otherwise.'"
If a guru falls in the forest with no one to hear him, was he really a
guru at all?
If a man has a strong faith he can indulge in the luxury of skepticism.
If a man loses his reverence for any part of life, he will lose his
reverence for all of life.
If I had a formula for bypassing trouble, I would not pass it around.
Trouble creates a capacity to handle it.  I don't say embrace trouble; that's
as bad as treating it as an enemy.  But I do say meet it as a friend, for
you'll see a lot of it and you had better be on speaking terms with it.
If I had my life to live over, I'd try to make more mistakes next time.  I
would relax, I would limber up, I would be sillier than I have been this
trip.  I know of very few things I would take seriously.  I would be crazier.
I would climb more mountains, swim more rivers and watch more sunsets.  I'd
travel and see.  I would have more actual troubles and fewer imaginary ones.
You see, I am one of those people who lives prophylactically and sensibly
and sanely, hour after hour, day after day.  Oh, I have had my moments and,
if I had it to do over again, I'd have more of them.  In fact, I'd try to
have nothing else.  Just moments, one after another, instead of living so many
years ahead each day.  I have been one of those people who never go anywhere
without a thermometer, a hotwater bottle, a gargle, a raincoat and a parachute.
If I had it to do over again, I would go places and do things and travel
lighter than I have.  If I had my life to live over, I would start bare-footed
earlier in the spring and stay that way later in the fall.  I would play hooky
more.  I probably wouldn't make such good grades, but I'd learn more.  I would
ride on more merry-go-rounds.  I'd pick more daisies.
If little green men land in your back yard, hide any little green women
you've got in the house.
If men are not afraid to die,
it is of no avail to threaten them with death.
If men live in constant fear of dying,
And if breaking the law means a man will be killed,
Who will dare to break the law?
There is always an official executioner.
If you try to take his place,
It is like trying to be a master carpenter and cutting wood.
If you try to cut wood like a master carpenter,
If something has not yet gone wrong then it would ultimately have been
beneficial for it to go wrong.
If the master dies and the disciple grieves, the lives of both have
been wasted.
If the path be beautiful, let us not ask where it leads.
If there is a possibility of several things going wrong,
the one that will cause the most damage will be the one to go wrong.
can go wrong, and circumvent these, then a fifth way will promptly develop.
If there is a sin against life, it consists perhaps not so much in despairing
of life as in hoping for another life and in eluding the implacable grandeur
of this life.
If we don't survive, we don't do anything else.
If you are not for yourself, who will be for you?
If you are for yourself, then what are you?
If not now, when?
If you find a solution and become attached to it, the solution may become
your next problem.
If you fool around with something long enough, it will eventually break.
If you have to hate, hate gently.
If you have to think twice about it, you're wrong.
If you keep anything long enough, you can throw it away.
If you live long enough, you'll see that every victory turns into a defeat.
If you put it off long enough, it might go away.
If you refuse to accept anything but the best you very often get it.
If you wait long enough, it will go away... after having done its damage.
If it was bad, it will be back.
If you want divine justice, die.
If your aim in life is nothing, you can't miss.
If your happiness depends on what somebody else does, I guess you do
have a problem.
Illusion is the first of all pleasures.
In dwelling, be close to the land.
In meditation, delve deep into the heart.
In dealing with others, be gentle and kind.
In speech, be true.
In work, be competent.
In action, be careful of your timing.
In order to discover who you are, first learn who everybody else is;
you're what's left.
In order to live free and happily, you must sacrifice boredom.
It is not always an easy sacrifice.
In spite of everything, I still believe that people are good at heart.
In the long run we are all dead.
In the next world, you're on your own.
Indeed, the first noble truth of Buddhism, usually translated as
`all life is suffering,' is more accurately rendered `life is filled
with a sense of pervasive unsatisfactoriness.'
Instead of loving your enemies, treat your friends a little better.
Intellect annuls Fate.
So far as a man thinks, he is free.
It does not do to leave a live dragon out of your calculations.
It is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle if it is
lightly greased.
It is Fortune, not Wisdom, that rules man's life.
It is not doing the thing we like to do, but liking the thing we have to do,
that makes life blessed.
It is only by risking our persons from one hour to another that we live
at all.  And often enough our faith beforehand in an uncertified result
is the only thing that makes the result come true.
It is only with the heart one can see clearly; what is essential is
invisible to the eye.
It is said that the lonely eagle flies to the mountain peaks while the lowly
ant crawls the ground, but cannot the soul of the ant soar as high as the eagle?
It is so stupid of modern civilisation to have given up believing in the
devil when he is the only explanation of it.
It is through symbols that man consciously or unconsciously lives, works
and has his being.
It's easier to take it apart than to put it back together.
It's hard to drive at the limit, but it's harder to know where the limits are.
It's very inconvenient to be mortal -- you never know when everything may
suddenly stop happening.
Joshu:	What is the true Way?
Nansen:	Every way is the true Way.
J:	Can I study it?
N:	The more you study, the further from the Way.
J:	If I don't study it, how can I know it?
N:	The Way does not belong to things seen: nor to things unseen.
Just remember, wherever you go, there you are.
Kindness is the beginning of cruelty.
Let us not look back in anger or forward in fear, but around us in awareness.
Life can be so tragic -- you're here today and here tomorrow.
Life exists for no known purpose.
Life is a grand adventure -- or it is nothing.
Life is knowing how far to go without crossing the line.
Life is like a 10 speed bicycle.  Most of us have gears we never use.
Life is like a sewer.  What you get out of it depends on what you put into it.
Life is the childhood of our immortality.
Life is the living you do, Death is the living you don't do.
Life is the urge to ecstasy.
Life may have no meaning, or, even worse, it may have a meaning of which
you disapprove.
Life only demands from you the strength you possess.
Only one feat is possible -- not to have run away.
Life sucks, but death doesn't put out at all.
Like, if I'm not for me, then fer shure, like who will be?  And if, y'know,
if I'm not like fer anyone else, then hey, I mean, what am I?  And if not
now, like I dunno, maybe like when?  And if not Who, then I dunno, maybe
like the Rolling Stones?
Live never to be ashamed if anything you do or say is
published around the world -- even if what is published is not true.
Living in the complex world of the future is somewhat like having bees
live in your head.  But, there they are.
Loneliness is a terrible price to pay for independence.
Long were the days of pain I have spent within its walls, and
long were the nights of aloneness; and who can depart from his
pain and his aloneness without regret?
Man's reach must exceed his grasp, for why else the heavens?
[Maturity consists in the discovery that] there comes a critical moment
where everything is reversed, after which the point becomes to understand
more and more that there is something which cannot be understood.
Mohandas K. Gandhi often changed his mind publicly.  An aide once asked him
how he could so freely contradict this week what he had said just last week.
The great man replied that it was because this week he knew better.
and how to be, I learned in kindergarten.  Wisdom was not at the top of the
graduate school mountain but there in the sandbox at nursery school.
hit people.  Put things back where you found them.  Clean up your own mess.
Don't take things that aren't yours.   Say you're sorry when you hurt someone.
Wash your hands before you eat.  Flush.  Warm cookies and cold milk are good
for you.  Live a balanced life.  Learn some and think some and draw and paint
and sing and dance and play and work some every day.
traffic, hold hands, and stick together.  Be aware of wonder.  Remember the
little seed in the plastic cup.   The roots go down and the plant goes up and
nobody really knows how or why, but we are all like that.  Goldfish and
hamsters and white mice and even the little seed in the plastic cup -- they all
die.  So do we.
learned, the biggest word of all: LOOK.  Everything you need to know is in
there somewhere.  The Golden Rule and love and basic sanitation.  Ecology and
politics and sane living.
-- had cookies and milk about 3 o'clock every afternoon and then lay down with
our blankets for a nap.  Or if we had a basic policy in our nation and other
nations to always put things back where we found them and cleaned up our own
messes.  And it is still true, no matter how old you are, when you go out into
the world it is best to hold hands and stick together.
Murphy was an optimist.
Murphy's Law is recursive.  Washing your car to make it rain doesn't work.
Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.
My theology, briefly, is that the universe was dictated but not signed.
Nasrudin called at a large house to collect for charity.  The servant said
"My master is out."  Nasrudin replied, "Tell your master that next time he
goes out, he should not leave his face at the window.  Someone might steal it."
Nasrudin returned to his village from the imperial capital, and the villagers
gathered around to hear what had passed.  "At this time," said Nasrudin, "I
only want to say that the King spoke to me."  All the villagers but the
stupidest ran off to spread the wonderful news.  The remaining villager
asked, "What did the King say to you?"  "What he said -- and quite distinctly,
for everyone to hear -- was 'Get out of my way!'" The simpleton was overjoyed;
he had heard words actually spoken by the King, and seen the very man they
were spoken to.
Nasrudin walked into a shop one day, and the owner came forward to serve
him.  Nasrudin said, "First things first.  Did you see me walk into your
shop?"
Nasrudin walked into a teahouse and declaimed, "The moon is more useful
than the sun."
Nasrudin was carrying home a piece of liver and the recipe for liver pie.
Suddenly a bird of prey swooped down and snatched the piece of meat from his
hand.  As the bird flew off, Nasrudin called after it, "Foolish bird!  You
have the liver, but what can you do with it without the recipe?"
Ninety percent of everything is crap.
Ninety percent of the time things turn out worse than you thought they would.
The other ten percent of the time you had no right to expect that much.
No man is an Iland, intire of it selfe; every man is a peece of the
Continent, a part of the maine; if a Clod bee washed away by the Sea,
Europe is the lesse, as well as if a Promontorie were, as well as if
a Mannor of thy friends or of thine owne were; any mans death diminishes
me, because I am involved in Mankinde; And therefore never send to know
for whom the bell tolls; It tolls for thee.
No matter where I go, the place is always called "here".
No use getting too involved in life -- you're only here for a limited time.
Nobody ever ruined their eyesight by looking at the bright side of something.
Nonsense and beauty have close connections.
Normal times may possibly be over forever.
Not every question deserves an answer.
Nothing in life is to be feared.  It is only to be understood.
Nothing is as simple as it seems at first
Nothing is but what is not.
Nothing is ever a total loss; it can always serve as a bad example.
Nothing matters very much, and few things matter at all.
Of all men's miseries, the bitterest is this:
to know so much and have control over nothing.
Once the toothpaste is out of the tube, it's hard to get it back in.
crystal river.  Each creature in its own manner clung tightly to the twigs
and rocks of the river bottom, for clinging was their way of life, and
resisting the current what each had learned from birth.  But one creature
said at last, "I trust that the current knows where it is going.  I shall
let go, and let it take me where it will.  Clinging, I shall die of boredom."
you worship will throw you tumbled and smashed across the rocks, and you will
die quicker than boredom!"
once was tumbled and smashed by the current across the rocks.  Yet, in time,
as the creature refused to cling again, the current lifted him free from the
bottom, and he was bruised and hurt no more.
a miracle!  A creature like ourselves, yet he flies!  See the Messiah, come
to save us all!"  And the one carried in the current said, "I am no more
Messiah than you.  The river delight to lift us free, if only we dare let go.
Our true work is this voyage, this adventure.
rocks, making legends of a Saviour.
Once you've tried to change the world you find it's a whole bunch easier
to change your mind.
an enlightened state.  Much impressed by this news, several of his peers
went to speak with him.
students inquired.
One day the King decided that he would force all his subjects to tell the
truth.  A gallows was erected in front of the city gates.  A herald announced,
"Whoever would enter the city must first answer the truth to a question
which will be put to him."  Nasrudin was first in line.  The captain of the
guard asked him, "Where are you going?  Tell the truth -- the alternative
is death by hanging."
One learns to itch where one can scratch.
One meets his destiny often on the road he takes to avoid it.
One monk said to the other, "The fish has flopped out of the net! How will it
live?" The other said, "When you have gotten out of the net, I'll tell you."
Only that in you which is me can hear what I'm saying.
Only those who leisurely approach that which the masses are busy about
can be busy about that which the masses take leisurely.
Paradise is exactly like where you are right now ... only much, much better.
Perfection is reached, not when there is no longer anything to add, but
when there is no longer anything to take away.
Perhaps the biggest disappointments were the ones you expected anyway.
Philosophy will clip an angel's wings.
Push where it gives and scratch where it itches.
Reality always seems harsher in the early morning.
Reality does not exist -- yet.
Reality is bad enough, why should I tell the truth?
Reality is for people who lack imagination.
Reality is just a convenient measure of complexity.
Reality is just a crutch for people who can't handle science fiction.
Reality is nothing but a collective hunch.
"Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away".
Remember, Grasshopper, falling down 1000 stairs begins by tripping over
the first one.
Rule of Life #1 -- Never get separated from your luggage.
Seeing is believing.  You wouldn't have seen it if you hadn't believed it.
Since everything in life is but an experience perfect in being what it is,
having nothing to do with good or bad, acceptance or rejection, one may well
burst out in laughter.
So little time, so little to do.
Sometimes you get an almost irresistible urge to go on living.
Standards are different for all things, so the standard set by man is by
no means the only 'certain' standard.  If you mistake what is relative for
something certain, you have strayed far from the ultimate truth.
Suffering alone exists, none who suffer;
The deed there is, but no doer thereof;
Nirvana is, but no one is seeking it;
The Path there is, but none who travel it.
Superstition, idolatry, and hypocrisy have ample wages, but truth goes
a-begging.
Take your dying with some seriousness, however.  Laughing on the way to
your execution is not generally understood by less advanced life forms,
and they'll call you crazy.
That that is is that that is not is not.
That, that is, is.
That, that is not, is not.
That, that is, is not that, that is not.
That, that is not, is not that, that is.
The absurd is the essential concept and the first truth.
The best you get is an even break.
The chief danger in life is that you may take too many precautions.
The days are all empty and the nights are unreal.
The door is the key.
The eye is a menace to clear sight, the ear is a menace to subtle hearing,
the mind is a menace to wisdom, every organ of the senses is a menace to its
own capacity. ...  Fuss, the god of the Southern Ocean, and Fret, the god
of the Northern Ocean, happened once to meet in the realm of Chaos, the god
of the center.  Chaos treated them very handsomely and they discussed together
what they could do to repay his kindness.  They had noticed that, whereas
everyone else had seven apertures, for sight, hearing, eating, breathing and
so on, Chaos had none.  So they decided to make the experiment of boring holes
in him.  Every day they bored a hole, and on the seventh day, Chaos died.
The farther you go, the less you know.
The final delusion is the belief that one has lost all delusions.
The first requisite for immortality is death.
The greatest griefs are those we cause ourselves.
The longest part of the journey is said to be the passing of the gate.
The major sin is the sin of being born.
The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice
and tragedy.  What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the
master calls a butterfly.
The more you complain, the longer God lets you live.
The moss on the tree does not fear the talons of the hawk.
The most costly of all follies is to believe passionately in the palpably
not true.  It is the chief occupation of mankind.
The only difference between a rut and a grave is their dimensions.
The only happiness lies in reason; all the rest of the world is dismal.
The highest reason, however, I see in the work of the artist, and he may
experience it as such.  Happiness lies in the swiftness of feeling and
thinking: all the rest of the world is slow, gradual and stupid.  Whoever
could feel the course of a light ray would be very happy, for it is very
swift.  Thinking of oneself gives little happiness.  If, however, one feels
much happiness in this, it is because at bottom one is not thinking of
oneself but of one's ideal.  This is far, and only the swift shall reach
it and are delighted.
The optimist thinks that this is the best of all possible worlds,
and the pessimist knows it.
Yet creeds mean very little, Coth answered the dark god, still speaking
almost gently.  The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all
possible worlds; and the pessimist fears this is true.
The Poems, all three hundred of them, may be summed up in one of their phrases:
"Let our thoughts be correct".
The price of success in philosophy is triviality.
The questions remain the same.  The answers are eternally variable.
The race is not always to the swift, nor the battle to the strong, but
that's the way to bet.
The root of all superstition is that men observe when a thing hits,
but not when it misses.
The savior becomes the victim.
The state of innocence contains the germs of all future sin.
The true way goes over a rope which is not stretched at any great height
but just above the ground.  It seems more designed to make people stumble
than to be walked upon.
The truth is rarely pure, and never simple.
The truth is what is; what should be is a dirty lie.
The truth of a thing is the feel of it, not the think of it.
The truth you speak has no past and no future.  It is, and that's all it
needs to be.
The world is your exercise-book, the pages on which you do your sums.
It is not reality, although you can express reality there if you wish.
You are also free to write nonsense, or lies, or to tear the pages.
There are no accidents whatsoever in the universe.
There are no winners in life, only survivors.
There are ten or twenty basic truths, and life is the process of
discovering them over and over and over.
There is more to life than increasing its speed.
There is no comfort without pain; thus we define salvation through suffering.
There is no cure for birth and death other than to enjoy the interval.
There is no sin but ignorance.
There is nothing which cannot be answered by means of my doctrine," said
a monk, coming into a teahouse where Nasrudin sat.
an unanswerable question," said Nasrudin.
the middle of the night?'"
There's only one everything.
To get something clean, one has to get something dirty.
To get something dirty, one does not have to get anything clean.
To give happiness is to deserve happiness.
To give of yourself, you must first know yourself.
To have died once is enough.
To lead people, you must follow behind.
Truth has no special time of its own.  Its hour is now -- always.
Truth is hard to find and harder to obscure.
Truth never comes into the world but like a bastard, to the ignominy
of him that brought her birth.
Two men came before Nasrudin when he was magistrate.  The first man said,
"This man has bitten my ear -- I demand compensation." The second man said,
"He bit it himself." Nasrudin withdrew to his chambers, and spent an hour
trying to bite his own ear.  He succeeded only in falling over and bruising
his forehead.  Returning to the courtroom, Nasrudin pronounced, "Examine the
man whose ear was bitten. If his forehead is bruised, he did it himself and
the case is dismissed.  If his forehead is not bruised, the other man did it
and must pay three silver pieces."
Two men were sitting over coffee, contemplating the nature of things,
with all due respect for their breakfast.  "I wonder why it is that
toast always falls on the buttered side," said one.
at this."  And he dropped his toast on the floor, where it landed on the
dry side.
Waste not fresh tears over old griefs.
We can embody the truth, but we cannot know it.
We have no choice but to live our lives as if we had free will.
We have nowhere else to go... this is all we have.
We have only two things to worry about:  That things will never get
back to normal, and that they already have.
We have reason to be afraid.  This is a terrible place.
We rarely find anyone who can say he has lived a happy life, and who,
content with his life, can retire from the world like a satisfied guest.
We're all in this alone.
We're mortal -- which is to say, we're ignorant, stupid, and sinful --
but those are only handicaps.  Our pride is that nevertheless, now and
then, we do our best.  A few times we succeed.  What more dare we ask for?
"We're not talking about the same thing," he said. "For you the world is
weird because if you're not bored with it you're at odds with it. For me
the world is weird because it is stupendous, awesome, mysterious,
unfathomable; my interest has been to convince you that you must accept
responsibility for being here, in this marvelous world, in this marvelous
desert, in this marvelous time.  I wanted to convince you that you must
learn to make every act count, since you are going to be here for only a
short while, in fact, too short for witnessing all the marvels of it."
of Science seemed to offer much hope, it's time to go beyond them...
only by Masters of the Universal Way of Zen.  In it his mind floated freely,
able to rummage at will among the bits and pieces of data he had absorbed,
undistracted by any outside disturbances.  Logical structures no longer
inhibited him. Pre-conceptions, prejudices, ordinary human standards vanished.
All things, those previously trivial as well as those once thought important,
became absolutely equal by acquiring an absolute value, revealing relationships
not evident to ordinary vision.  Like beads strung on a string of their own
meaning, each thing pointed to its own common ground of existence, shared by
all.  Finally, each began to melt into each, staying itself while becoming
all others.  And Mind no longer contemplated Problem, but became Problem,
destroying Subject-Object by becoming them.
Nakamura arose, a smile on his face and the light of laughter in his eyes.
Well, you know, no matter where you go, there you are.
"Well," Brahma said, "even after ten thousand explanations, a fool is no
wiser, but an intelligent man requires only two thousand five hundred."
What does not destroy me, makes me stronger.
What makes the universe so hard to comprehend is that there's nothing
What we Are is God's gift to us.
What we Become is our gift to God.
Whatever occurs from love is always beyond good and evil.
Whatever you do will be insignificant, but it is very important that you do it.
When it's dark enough you can see the stars.
When the speaker and he to whom he is speaks do not understand, that is
metaphysics.
When the wind is great, bow before it;
when the wind is heavy, yield to it.
When you are young, you enjoy a sustained illusion that sooner or later
something marvelous is going to happen, that you are going to transcend
your parents' limitations...  At the same time, you feel sure that in all
the wilderness of possibility; in all the forests of opinion, there is a
vital something that can be known -- known and grasped.  That we will
eventually know it, and convert the whole mystery into a coherent
narrative.  So that then one's true life -- the point of everything --
will emerge from the mist into a pure light, into total comprehension.
But it isn't like that at all.  But if it isn't, where did the idea come
from, to torture and unsettle us?
When you die, you lose a very important part of your life.
Who does not trust enough will not be trusted.
Wisdom is knowing what to do with what you know.
Wisdom is rarely found on the best-seller list.
[Wisdom] is a tree of life to those laying
hold of her, making happy each one holding her fast.
With listening comes wisdom, with speaking repentance.
Wonder is the feeling of a philosopher, and philosophy begins in wonder.
You are never given a wish without also being given the
power to make it true.  You may have to work for it, however.
You can always pick up your needle and move to another groove.
You can get *anywhere* in ten minutes if you drive fast enough.
You can never tell which way the train went by looking at the tracks.
You can no more win a war than you can win an earthquake.
You can only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
You can't mend a wristwatch while falling from an airplane.
You can't push on a string.
You can't run away forever,
But there's nothing wrong with getting a good head start.
"You can't survive by sucking the juice from a wet mitten."
You can't take it with you -- especially when crossing a state line.
You climb to reach the summit, but once there, discover that all roads
lead down.
You have all eternity to be cautious in when you're dead.
You have to run as fast as you can just to stay where you are.
If you want to get anywhere, you'll have to run much faster.
any old way he likes, and to insult your dignity, then he may deem you
fit to hear his view of things?"
you have integrity to defend.  But you must defend it nobly, not by
imitating his own low behavior.  If you are gentle where he is rough,
if you are polite where he is uncouth, then he will recognize you as
potentially worthy.  If he does not, then he is not a master, after all,
and you may feel free to kick his ass."
You will always find something in the last place you look.
"You would do well not to imagine profundity," he said.  "Anything that seems
of momentous occasion should be dwelt upon as though it were of slight note.
Conversely, trivialities must be attended to with the greatest of care.
Because death is momentous, give it no thought; because victory is important,
give it no thought; because the method of achievement and discovery is less
momentous than the effect, dwell always upon the method.  You will strengthen
yourself in this way."
Your happiness is intertwined with your outlook on life.
Your only obligation in any lifetime is to be true to yourself.  Being
true to anyone else or anything else is not only impossible, but the
mark of a fake messiah.  The simplest questions are the most profound.
Where were you born?  Where is your home?  Where are you going?  What
are you doing?  Think about these once in awhile and watch your answers
change.
Your picture of the world often changes just before you get it into focus.
Your wig steers the gig.
You may be marching to the beat of a different drummer, but you're
still in the parade.
The universe is made of stories, not of atoms.
There is a secret person undamaged within every individual.
We are governed not by armies and police but by ideas.
The first rule of all intelligent tinkering is to keep all the parts.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
No people are all bad, just as none are all good.
Tecumseh, (Shawnee) to his nephew Spemica Lawba 1790
My reason tells me that land cannot be sold - nothing can be sold but
such  things as can be carried away.              Black Hawk, (Saulk)
Sell a country! Why not sell the air, the great sea, as well as the
earth? Did not the Great Spirit make them all for the use of his
children?                                       Tecumseh, (Shawnee)
Free yourself from negative influence. Negative thoughts are the old
habits that gnaw at the roots of the soul.
Moses Shongo, (Seneca)
...everything on this earth has a purpose, every disease an herb to cure
it, and every person a mission. This is the Indian theory of existence.
Mourning Dove, (Salish 1888-1936)
"Der bestirnte Himmel ber mir und das moralische Gesetz in mir"
that is
"The starry sky above me, and the Moral Law inside me."
The words fly away, the writings remain.
I am what you will be; I was what you are.
The people rule.
Perhaps the remembrance of these things will prove a source of future
pleasure.
Anyone who understands everything that comes out of fortune probably
has a problem
If a million people say a foolish thing, it is still a foolish thing.
"Few sins are less forgivable in polite society than offering poor
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be
truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do
great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking.
Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it.
And, like any great relationship, it just gets better and better as the years
roll on. So keep looking until you find it. Don't settle.
Time can't be measured in days the way money is measured in pesos and centavos,
because all pesos are equal, while every day, perhaps every hour, is different.
